The board consists of five members who are not employees of the City of Sacramento. The board is an impartial decision maker. The board is appointed by the mayor with approval of the City Council. Your board members are myself, Mr. Entablian, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Boyd, and Mr. Ahmaud. We also have Lee Billings, the secretary of the board, Peter Lemos, code and housing enforcement chief, Bo Cosley, principal building inspector, and our vendor car counsel to the board. Secretary please call roll. Entablian? Here. Fisher? Here. Boyd? Here. Ahmaud? All right. At this time we're going to ask everyone to stand for both the Pledge of Allegiance and the land acknowledgement. We'll start with the Pledge of Allegiance. All right. Please remain standing. Please rise for the opening acknowledgement in honor of Sacramento's indigenous people and tribal lands to the original people of this land, the Nisenan people, the southern Maidu, Valley and Plains Miwok, Patwin, Wintong people, and the people of the Wilton Rancheria, Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe. May we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside us today on these ancestral lands by choosing to gather together today in the active practice of acknowledgement and appreciation of Sacramento's indigenous people's history, contributions, and lives. Thank you. All right. So I'm going to go ahead and kind of just explain how the process is going to work today. Each item will be called in order of those requesting to speak unless staff or board members request otherwise. The owner or the representative should state their name and address and explain the nature of their appeal. We have a very full agenda today, so we're asking everybody to please be very concise and clear in your appeal. The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case, including the recommendation, and then the owner can respond. The secretary will swear in appellants and city staff prior to each case. The chairman will introduce and discuss with the board. The chairman will ask the board if there are any questions or statements to make regarding the item heard. If not, we'll then ask for a motion to adopt a resolution, either staff recommendation or an amended resolution. This will repeat on every agenda item. The secretary will take a roll call vote for each item that is heard. All right. And I will mention, since we do have a couple of the appellants, if you do not show up, if no one appears for their appeal, the item will be called and asked to submit the packet. No one has appeared, and the written appeal will be taken into consideration. All right. Let's go ahead and move on to the approval of the minutes. Do I have, I'm sorry, the minutes of the January 8, 2025. So moved. And tablian? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. All right. So for item number two, we need to discuss the amendment. So the approval of the minutes, the minutes was adjusted to just change one person's attendance that was, that came in last time. So just so everybody's aware, that's what the change was. I think they originally left off one person and then, yeah, that was item two. All right. So we're going to go ahead and jump right into the notice and order of appeal. I think I missed something. Oh, do we have to vote? I don't think so. I think it was at the fires. The roll call is still showing that he was present in tablian. On for the December 11th. No, December I was here. Oh, okay. Well, this says the minutes of the January 8th. No, the January 8th was the, that was from. Sorry. So it's number two. It's the amendment of the December 11th is item number two. Yes. You were here for the December meeting. So what I think he's saying is that we couldn't vote because I wasn't here. So can I vote for the approval of minutes? I was here in December. You just weren't here in January. Correct. He was here in December. Yes, for the January one. So January will have to wait until next month. All right. So. Okay. Yes, I did. Okay. We'll leave that then. So then let's go ahead and approval item number two of the amendments of the meeting for the December 11th hearing. So move. And tablian? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. All right. So I did forget to mention, so we are here for both notice and order and cost recovery. So I'm going to describe both the difference between the two. So for items today, three and four, we're here to determine whether the owners of the buildings and structures in the case before us this evening have violated the provisions of Chapter 8.96 of the Dangerous Buildings Code or Chapter 8.1 of the Housing Code of the City of Sacramento Code. The question here is was the property in violation of city code at the time of the notice and order and was issued in the notice order properly issued? If it is shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the owner has violated the Dangerous Buildings Code or the Housing Code, then this board will issue a written decision ordering the owner to correct the dangerous or substandard condition or demolish the building within a reasonable time. The board's decision will direct the time within which the work must be started and when the work must be completed. If the owner decides to do the work required and the work is progressing in a reasonable manner, the city inspector may grant an extension of time not to exceed an additional 120 days. However, if the owner fails to comply with the terms of the decision, then the city may repair, secure, or demolish the building or structure and the costs incurred for this work may be made a personal obligation of the property owner in either a nuisance abatement lien or special assessment against the property. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. For items 5 through 14, we are here to consider the expenses incurred by the city of the notice in order in the repair, demolition, or securing of any building or structure done in housing and dangerous building cases before us together with any protests or objections. The question here is, are the fees, costs, or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? This board may revise, correct, or modify the proposed charges as we deem just. Once this board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges as submitted or as revised, corrected, or modified, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges. Any written protests and related information received have been forwarded to us for consideration in our decision. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. Our decision will be forwarded to the City Council for a determination whether this hearing was conducted in accordance with the city code. With that, we will go ahead and start item number 3. That is Inspector Lovato and HBB Holdings Company. So that would be the representative, I'm sorry, is it Gordon Gordow? Hold on, I'm just, who's here speaking? I'm just trying to... I'm Gordon Egan. I'm the attorney for Franz Rudenberg, the owner. For Franz, okay. Okay. Perfect, thank you. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna hand, I have four of these so I only have one for each member up there. Isn't the city gonna go first and present its case before the attorney does? Yeah, sorry. Thank you. So that's what I was up here about to ask. Are we gonna have them repeat their case? They already gave their case last time but I'm sure none of us remember. Yeah, they're going to do a summary judge, sorry, I know you're an attorney. They're going to do a summary of what they did last time, this time. So just to kind of refresh our memories. So let's go ahead and start with Inspector Lovato. Wonderful. This is agenda item number 3. Oh, swear them in first. I'm gonna swear you in. So sorry, I apologize. All right, if I could have all parties for item number 3 for the property at 021st Avenue, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Thank you. All right, Inspector Lovato. This is agenda item number 3, case number 23-005565, property owners HBB Holdings Company, and HBB Corp. Property address 021st Avenue, Sacramento, California 95826. Parcel number 061-013-1002-0000. Today's April 9th, 2025. My name's Paul Lovato. I'm a building inspector with Housing Endangered Buildings. This case opened on February 16th, 2023, and the current case status is open. This protest to some reaction and or fees will not be heard today. The appeal is limited to the notice and order and to pay cost and penalties only. An initial inspection was performed on May 14th, 2024 by building Inspector Paul Lovato. Inspection identified the property was in violation of Sacramento City Code section 896.110L. It's a structure violation. Work's been done without the benefit of a permit at CMU Wall at Southside of property. This work must be removed or properly permitted and approved by the City of Sacramento. On May 14th, 2024, I received a complaint stating the property owner is building a six-foot solid wall without permits. I visited the site and verified the wall that was constructed was the wall is a CMU wall about 300 to 400 feet long. I could see rebar sticking out of the top of the block. The property is locked up with no one on site. It shows to be a storage area for CMU blocks. There are pallets of blocks stacked up higher than the fence. I called the property owner and I let him know permits were required for the CMU wall built. He then stated that he thought fences built up to six foot high do not require a permit. I let him know that what was constructed is not considered a fence but more of a wall. I let him know that the code states CMU walls over four foot measuring from the bottom of the footing requires a permit. He then stated he wanted me to email him the code section that states that. I asked him to send me an email so I can have his information. Then I would reply back to the email with the code section that shows permits are required. So on May 15th, 2024, I received an email from the property owner stating referring to our telephone conversation of earlier today. I hereby send you my email address and name. I replied to the email address stating attached is the code section for the wall built. 105.2 work exempt from permit except except exemptions from permit requires of this code shall not be deemed to grant authorization for any work to be done in any matter in violation of the provisions of this code or any other laws or ordinances of this jurisdiction. Permits shall be required for the permits shall not be required for the following. Number four states are retaining walls that are not over four feet in height measured from the bottom of the footing to the top of the wall unless supported supporting a surcharge of impounding class one, two or three a liquids. On June 24th, 2024, I at 8 a.m. I arrived at the commercial property and I took photos and updated the case files due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to failure to obtain an HDB permit. I issued the notice in order. I also ordered a cloud be placed on the title and the notice in order issued is the appeal we're hearing here today. On July 12, 2024, I met with the property owner at 2 o'clock p.m. at the site to go over the work that was performed without building permits. The owner was stating the wall is offense and had a bunch of Sac City codes and building codes that show how fencing is not required to have building permits. I again let him know that the work performed is not offense, but a wall and permits are required. I explained to him that the that the continuous foundation that has been placed under the wall, the rebar in the foundation and the rebar in the block wall needed to be inspected. The conversation was going back and forth with me stating it was a wall constructed and him stating this is offense. As the meeting between the two of us ended, he had stated he would appeal the notice in order and explain to the housing board that offense was constructed. I then received a letter from signature law group that the appellant had hired for more clarification on the issue with the wall that was constructed. The law group rep the law group reference city code section twenty three point fifty two about a wall and offense. I then looked the code section up to verify and the city code section reference is not a Sacramento City code and it is an Elk Grove City code. The notice of the less pendants cloud was properly recorded at the Sacramento County Assessors Office on July 9th, 2024. The property owner was contacted prior to issuing the notice in order. A preliminary letter was sent on May 14th, 2024. Notice in order was sent to the property owners address listed on the county assessors record PO Box 214664 Sacramento, California 95821. It was effectively served on July 1st, 2024 by process servant or service. The appellant has received the information being presented this evening. Staff recommends that the board adopts a decision finding the property owner has violated the provisions of Chapter eight point nine six or and or eight point one hundred of the Sacramento City code. Ordering the property owner to obtain a permit to correct the dangerous condition or demolish the structure within 30 days of the date of the decision and ordering that if the property owner fails to or refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous conditions. Or demolish the structure within the time set forth in this decision that the city of Sacramento may repair demolish or secure the structure or institute an action to compel compliance with with the order for the property known as zero twenty first Avenue Sacramento, California 95826. I apologize. Is it Mr. Fraun or Franz Franz? Okay. All right. And then. The attorney at your name was again. Again, got it. All right, Mr. Egan, I'm assuming you're going to go ahead. Okay. Mr. Lovato turning to. What was the date that you first received a complaint on this property? February 16th, 2023. And when was the date you first inspected the property? May 14th, 2024. Or so more than a year later. Turning to section 105.2. On the 15th of May, 2024, you sent Mr. Rudenberg an email with the code section, correct? Yes. And that said 105.2. And then skip to sub four, right? Okay. What does sub one of 105.2 state? Excuse me, sub two of 105.2. Fences not over seven feet high. And that's an exemption from 105.2, right? So fences not over seven feet high are exempt from a building permit. Correct. Okay. And one of the first words of 105.2 sub four says retaining walls, is that right? Yes. So what is a retaining wall? Yeah. A wall constructed to retain something? And what is this wall, and you say this wall or fence is in violation of 105.2 sub four, correct? Because it's more than four feet tall. So it doesn't satisfy the exemption of 105.2 sub four. Okay. What does this wall retain? Property, the materials inside of it. Okay. But fences would retain the same thing. A wooden fence would retain the same thing, correct? Yes. So wouldn't if a fence, if you made a retaining wall out of wood that was more than four feet tall, would that require a building permit? More than four feet tall. The code section right here does not decipher wood or block or concrete or... Right. So it would. Okay. So now let's go through this. Would a fence less than seven feet tall require a building permit? No. Would a fence four and a half feet tall require a building permit? No. Okay. So why does this require a building permit? Because this is not a fence. This is a wall. It has a continuous foundation. When the concrete's put into inspection, the bar that's installed in there has to be inspected. There's a lot of other elements. The grout pouring of the CMU has to be inspected. There's multiple inspections that should have happened there. So let's turn to Chapter 15, Section 1.56 of the Sacramento Building Code. Did you provide that for us? That's the section that defines fences. We're not talking about a fence. Okay. A fence may be constructed of permanent material, such as wood, chain link, stone, rock, concrete block, masonry block, decorative wrought iron, and other material. That's in your packet, if you want to see. So the code says that a fence can be masonry brick. So I do have a question, though. You gave us the packet, but at the bottom of the packet it says 2022 California Building Code. I just want to ask, is there a first, is this the City of Sacramento Building Code, or is it just California? Okay. First, we need to all get a nice big hit right now of something. The ICC produces a building code. All right. So just so you're aware, at least I am not a construction person. I understand. That's why I'm going here. I don't know what the ICC is. The ICC produces a building code that is adopted by various cities and counties. The City of Sacramento has adopted this, and this comes from the City of Sacramento's website. This that you gave us? What I gave you. Okay. That's all I was asking. Isn't that correct, Mr. Lovato? I'm Tammy Squires, Deputy City Attorney. Can we get a copy of whatever? There was one extra. Do you have? Thank you. I thought I had an extra copy. Mr. Egan, if you could, and when you have a moment, just for all of us, if you would define ICC, please. International Code Council. Thank you. And to clarify, the International Code Council is the one that writes the model code, but the State of California adopts it with many exceptions. So we adopt the State of California's building code, not the ICC code, directly. That's kind of what I was asking. That's correct. What he says is correct. Okay. I've got the Sacramento City Code up. What was the section you gave? 15.156.010. I'm sorry. Can you say it one more time? 15.1560? 156.020. Got it. There we go. If I could add something, he's bringing up the code sections about fences. But when I look up about walls, the one I see here says a vertical element with horizontal length to thickness ratio greater than three used in enclosed space, but a composite wall built out of a combination of two or more masonry units bonded together, one forming the backup and the other forming the facing element. We could go over the definitions of wall and the definitions of fences. I assume he's going to go off the definition of a fence and you're going to go off the definition of a wall, but it would be nice to see. I obviously can see. Did you read yours from something that I missed, or did you read it from ... I may have to hear it one more time. But go ahead. It sounds like we're really arguing the difference, or discussing the difference between a wall and a fence. Okay, I hope I can clarify. Supervising Building Inspector Doug Pearson. So he's correct that the material ... Who's correct? Mr. Egan. ... that our city code does list stone and block in the fencing as a material. It lists masonry, brick, decorative wrought iron. However, in the commercial building code that is put out by the state of California under Section 105 as permits required, any owner or authorized agent who intends to construct enlarge, alter, repair, move, or demolish, or change occupancy of a building or structure, this would be a structure, the installation of which is regulated by this code or cause any such work to be performed shall first make an application to the building official and obtain the required permit. Masonry block is governed by this code. So whether you want to call it a fence or a block, based on that statement and Chapter 21 of the masonry section, it is governed by the code and requires a permit. Okay. First, let's go to Mr. Lovato's point where he read a definition. Can you tell us where that definition of wall came from? That also came out of the California building code. What section? Damn it, he didn't give me the page. It would be in Chapter 1 of definition. Chapter 1 of ... We're trying to look up this Chapter 15 actually in the code. Chapter 15 shows roof assemblies. So we're still trying to look up. Which coding is it? No, no, no. In the city code, it is the city code. No, we did say the city code. City code. Yeah, 15, 156.020 is the city code. They talked about 156.020. Okay. Sorry, that is in the packet that was provided, 156.020, if it helps. So could you read your definition of wall one more time for us? A vertical element with horizontal length to thickness ratio greater than three used to enclose a space. Composite wall, a wall built with a ... A wall built of a combination of two or more masonry units bonded together, one forming the backup and the other forming the facing element. Okay. So it doesn't meet that second definition because it doesn't have two elements to it. Do we agree on that? The inside and the outside? No, it says it made up of two elements. Two or more masonry units? Well, I'm just going ... Okay. I'm just saying it doesn't meet the second part of that definition. So all we're talking about is the first one. And the first one, can you read that again? It's a composite wall. We just read you what it was. A composite wall, that's the definition of a TME wall. But this ... okay. How does it have two or more elements? Not two or more elements, built with two or more masonry units. They're stacked on each other. Once you put two blocks together, you've got two or more. Okay. I don't read it that way, but okay. So, but your code says that masonry structures can be fences. Our code says that fences could be comprised of masonry units. However, the building code that we import as the masonry import says it requires a permit. Mr. Chairman, may I speak? Yes, please. I have a curious question here. Since everyone is not construction, can we deal with the fact that we're trying to just determine whether a violation was there? That's what the notice and order is. And then we want to go back to Paul's findings when he was there on site, which shows the grouting material, rebar, and the height, which means that also will help designate the difference between a wall and a fence and whether you would need a permit at all. The moment you start throwing grout and rebar and exceed a certain distance over four feet, that requires a permit. How tall is it? Six foot tall. Okay. So, I guess the question is, if we're reading this, do we read, is there a violation there or do we read, and I'd have to look back at Mr. Lovato's, what he cites, do we have to decide whether there's a violation of what he specifically cites or is there a current violation? The notice and order is based on whether there was a violation there at the time. You are to determine whether or not we have proven that there was a violation versus there wasn't. This gentleman is trying to fight that there wasn't based on the fact it's a fence where we're showing proof that it's a wall based on what we discovered, so your decision would have to be based on that. Correct. And that's the part I think we're at the standstill on. The only thing with me is the wall and the fence, you know, between the two, besides that, the foundation that was poured and the rebar that was put in, that right there has to be inspected. But that is not what the code says. The code says that you can have a retaining wall of up to four feet with no permit, no inspection, no nothing. You can have a fence of up to, I think it's seven feet, without any inspection or permit. Now, if you're trying to make a definitional difference between what a wall and a fence is, fence is here permitted materials, you know, that doesn't meet any of the prohibited items in 15.156. So it's a matter of simple statutory interpretation, of code interpretation. It's not... Sorry, can I ask, obviously I get the difference here. I mean, I don't get the difference, but I get what you're both arguing. I get the premise of the case is you're saying this is a fence and you're saying this is a wall. What is the City of Sacramento attorney's position on this? Okay, before we go there, we're arguing out of two different code. Correct. And according to Mr. Cosley, we just need to decide if there is a violation, right? Okay. But what I'm getting at is the city codes are the city codes. Which is what we'll go off of, right? Not necessarily, because we're going off the building code because he's trying to use, he's trying to use both and separate them out. Whereas if we use the building code, the building code stipulates a difference between fences and walls. Mr. Cosley, which code are we supposed to use for this case? The City of Sacramento? The City of Sacramento has both. Right. But by using the building code, because he's trying to argue that fences are walls just based on the city code. But the building code, the state building code, differentiates between the two based on section 105.2 of exempt work. They give an exemption for fences as 105.2 subsection 2, and they give an exemption for retaining walls as 105.2 subsection 4. So right there, they distinguish between walls and fences under the exemptions. Yes, so we have that here under 105.2, fences not over 7 feet and retaining walls not over 4 feet. So we can't mix the two based on the building code. Okay. Okay, because they're two distinct items. Further on in the building code in Chapter 21, it devotes a whole chapter to masonry. And based on section 105 where permits are required, 105.1 that anything governed within the code has to be permitted unless it's an exemption of 105.2. So Mr. Egan, are you arguing that this is a fence or a retaining wall? This is a fence. And I have something to show you that's also in your packet. We're going to talk about here. Go ahead. Sorry, the city attorney. Hold on one second. I think I didn't allow her to respond. So as I was reading through all this trying to decipher the arguments here, how do we determine if it's a fence? How do we determine if it's a wall? So the city code refers us to the building code to decide whether this is a permitted structure or not, which we have all agreed on. Right. The argument is from the property owner that this is a fence. We're saying it's neither. It's neither a fence nor is it a retaining wall. So it doesn't fit any of the exceptions within the building code. There is definition. There are definitions of terms. Right. So if we're going off of what the building code says, we should look to see what the building code defines as a fence versus a wall. When it's not stated, it tells us to look at Webster's dictionary. And this is specifically stated. Webster's third edition for clarification, which I did prior to coming here. And you can Google it. You can pull out an old Webster's. I had a huge one. I didn't bring it with me because it's ancient. But it still is cited in the building code and our SAC City code for definition purposes. A fence is a means of protection or security, a barrier intended to prevent escape or intrusion or mark a boundary, a structure of posts and boards, wire pickets or rails commonly used as an enclosure for a field or yard, a wall, a high thick masonry structure forming an enclosure chiefly for defense against invasion, a masonry fence around a garden, park or a state, a rampart of considerable height and thickness and usually great length serving as a fortification or a structure that serves to hold back pressure. That would be the retaining wall type. We're not saying it's a retaining wall. There's no evidence of that. So based on Webster's dictionary, it appears that this is a wall. The point being that it is a dangerous structure, which is why the city tagged it. If this wall, which we don't know if it's secure or not, fails, it could really harm or kill somebody. That is the point. Okay. So can I address her points? Yes. You know, in your packet there, we've included a legal definition of fence from a law dictionary. Well, again, if she is saying that the code section refers to Webster's that we have to use Webster's, she specifically stated that the city code refers to a specific dictionary. So I'm going to say unless you're objecting to her reference, I'm going to stick with her reference to the Webster code. That's fine because it doesn't preclude this because, again, going back to the city's own code, which is specific to the city of Sacramento, okay, and that is Chapter 15.156. So a fence may be constructed of concrete block, masonry brick or decorative wrought iron. That determines what a fence is. Moreover, the city's already rendered an opinion about fencing from being masonry walls is a fence. I have a letter that's in your packet from on this very property that states fencing, it's from the planning department, not the building department, but it's still the opinion, the official opinion of the city of Sacramento, where it states fencing is required and shall be either solid wall, chain link with slats or wood fence with a minimum height of six feet. It says fencing is required. So the rest of the sentence refers just to fencing. This is the written opinion of the city of Sacramento by someone who's authorized to do that. So that part, yes. This gentleman is reading something from the planning department. Planning department is the first step you get to to say, hey, can I have something? They say, yes, we don't have any zoning, we don't have any issues, whatever. Now you have to present to the building department. The building department determines the specifications of what you said you want. And therefore, if we didn't have any violations on the wall or the grounding or the rebar, if we didn't have any violations, we wouldn't be sitting here. But if he had submitted that to the planning and then building, they would have found all of these discrepancies and he would not be allowed to do it, according to our building code. Excuse me, Chair. This case is based off of the building code. He was cited for a dangerous building. He wasn't cited under Title 15. Don't know where Title 15 came into this, whether he told you to look at the definition or something, but Title 15 is not involved in here. Title 15 for fences is for residential use. This is not a residential property. The only problem with that is if you go look at the citation, it doesn't give us any citation to sections of the dangerous building code. None, zero. Sites under Title 8, I believe. I know. Which refers you back to the California building code. And that's what he's stating, is that the California building code is required to have a permit. And that's what he's telling you. You're required to have a permit under this. We can't use Title 15 for anything on this property because Title 15 for the fences is specifically preamble, starts out as for residential property. All right. I was going to bring this up, although it's extremely technical. The reasons he was told, the reason he got all of this was for a building permit, not because his structure was dangerous. It couldn't have been dangerous, could it have? Sure. If it does not have a building permit, it's considered dangerous structure. Why did it take a year to inspect it if it's so dangerous? Okay, so I will stop there because we're not here to hear that. We're only here and we've already been quite a while on this. That very easily because the complaint came in with no address or a parcel number. So we couldn't find it initially. It came in as 21st Avenue only. So the initial complaint came in at 21st Avenue only. And then later the complaining party made another complaint that finally narrowed down the location. And can we find out who the complaining party is? The complaining party will be the city. We're the one that cited you. So I don't think that's going to be true when we go up a level. But if we go up a level, let me put it that way, you're missing my point. If it's a dangerous building, I mean there's only one, two, three parcels on 21st Avenue effectively. And it took a year. You're going to see some pictures later. And that's fine. I'm not going to go on how long it took. We're here to hear. It took us four or five months to get this hearing on, not to mention. I know the attorney's been trying to make a comment real quick. Just as to what the property owner was cited with, he was indeed cited with the dangerous building code section. So he was on notice that this was a dangerous building or structure 8.96.110 Prince L. That is the dangerous buildings code section. OK, thank you. So it sounds like as of right now we're throwing out section code chapter 15, according to Mr. Lemos, that's residential. So at what point? Go ahead. I'll let you continue then. As this is commercial. I'm not necessarily saying 15 applies directly, but it shows you what the city says is offense. And again, this letter shows what the city says is offense. All right. I understand that. And this this thing, oh, it's a wall. And therefore the code applies doesn't make a lot of sense. I'd like my client to tell the story of this property because that's something you also should hear. France, you want to come up here and tell how you got how this whole thing got started? I don't know that that's relevant to this hearing today. And again, we're only here to hear the notice in order. Did the city is it so whether or not he got it for free or the store, we we have we're limited to two to three hours. We have 13 different hearings we have to do today. So, again, we have to stick with just the facts right now. These are the facts. He's he's built. This is the fourth fence he's built that this that the city has said no to. I think you ought to hear that he's built for fences. It's up to the board. Yes, Mr. Egan, as has been pointed out for you multiple times. The discussion is not about a fence. A dangerous building, i.e. a structure. You were cited 8.96 and 8.100 dangerous building structure, structure, structure, not fence, not wall structure. That is what we're here to hear. We're looking at the pictures. There was no permit attained prior to the erection of the structure. So being in violation of the dangerous building code for the city of Sacramento, as pointed out by Supervisor Pearson and our city attorney, as well as Inspector Lovato. With that said, we've given ample opportunity to present your case. Your case was based upon non-relevance to the actual siting of the structure. So with that, I'd like to make a motion. And my motion, oh, actually there's no vote on this. My apologies to the vote. I would like to recommend, my motion is staff's recommendation that the board adopt the decision of the findings of the property owner has violated the provisions of Chapter 8.96 and or 8.100 of the Sacramento City Code. I will in addition ordering the property owner to obtain a permit to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within 30 days of the date of the decision and ordering that if the property owner fails, refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within the time set forth in this decision that the city of Sacramento may repair, demolish or secure the structure or institute an action to compel compliance with that order. For the property known as, I cannot see that, 021st Avenue Sacramento, California 95826, APN number 0610131002000. Do we have a second? I'll second. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. All right, Mr. Egan. So again, it does sound like there are a lot of nuances to this. The structure as we can see in the picture, the C has made a case that if that does fall, that would cause a dangerous building code violation. I do agree that we do not know the housing codes that you're technically referring to and it sounds like some of the ones you're referring to don't even pertain to this case as they're residential and noncommercial. So at this point, the board has voted in favor of the city of Sacramento. You will receive the packet in the mail and I believe there is a way to then appeal one step further then. So I'm asking the board's attorney, how can I get an official copy of today's proceedings? The board will mail, send you a decision in the mail. The board will mail a decision to the appellant. I'm looking for the transcript. Oh, I believe you can discuss this with city staff post the hearing. This is a public proceeding. You can access all of the record online. Okay. It will be the recording that will be added to the website. Okay. Mr. Chairman, can you indicate or make clear that we're still expecting to have them submit for a permit? And at that point, they can define whatever they want and it either is going to get issued as such. So what I will do is say that this is still an outstanding case and you will need to continue to one, if you plan to elevate it, but it is still going to be an outstanding case if I am understanding that still could receive fees or whatever. So it is out of our hands at this point. That's actually what would come to the housing and dangerous building cost recovery section. So I do encourage you definitely pursue whatever your next challenge is, but then continue to work with Inspector Lovato if he's still the one assigned this case to let him know at least your plans on if you plan on taking it further. I don't know if they can pause the fines or whatever happens, but I will let you work that out with him outside of this hearing. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. All right. We will move on to item number four, Inspector Gildersleaf and the representative for Rochester, Quam, Fan and Rochester Fan. Yes. Okay. Did I say that right? Yeah. Okay. I don't have a representative. That's okay. Go ahead and have a seat right over there. Yes. Mr. Fan, is the green light on? Oh. You mean for the city staff? Yeah. So just a reminder to the city staff, we do have still 12, so just kind of a quick outline of the case because we do have the full case material. And to make you feel comfortable, over 95% of the cases that come before us don't have a representative. And normally it is owner. Also, I'm not like good at to express everything he says why I send all of the, you know, your document to Leah. Yes. And we did get a copy of that. I would like to have time to read it and then you understand. I would just bring some key points and then you can go for next case. I'm not going to spend that much time of you to do that. I know you only do once a month. Yeah. I was scheduled for March 12th, then just a few days before that they informed me that the post form took the day. So we'll go ahead and have her swear you in right now and then we'll go ahead and get started. Okay, if I can have all parties for item number four for the property located at 200 Majorca Circle. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Thank you. All right. And I know I'm sure I say it at Gilder's sleeve, right? Okay, Inspector Gilder's leave. Go ahead. This is agenda item. Is your microphone on? Yeah. Can you hear me? Yeah, now I can. So this is agenda item number four case number two four dash zero two three seven seven seven property owners Rochester fan property address located at 200 Majorca Circle parcel number one one seven zero six four six. Zero two nine zero zero zero zero hearing date is April 9th to 2025. Again, my name is Ariane Gilder sleeve building inspector for the city of Sacramento. The case opened June 10th, 2024. The case is currently open. On July 9th, 2024, I arrived on site for an initial inspection at the single family home. The complaint was referred by the rip department due to noncompliance. The front gate was open to the public. I knocked twice with no response. I placed a business card at the door and took photos of the current conditions. I requested a preliminary letter to be sent out. On September 27th, 2024, I arrived on site for a scheduled inspection with the property owner. The single guest room bedroom. Hold on one second. Yeah, can you speak louder or move closer to the mic, please? We're having a hard time hearing you. OK, can you hear me? Yeah. OK. September 27th, 2024. I arrived on site for a scheduled inspection with the property owner. The single guest bedroom was divided into two bedrooms without a permit. The second constructed bedroom did not include a legal HVAC air register. I instructed the property owner to legalize the bedroom remodel. Photos were taken. October 16th, 2024, I arrived on site with building inspector Lovato for a scheduled second meeting with the property owner to go over the construction of the added wall in the bedroom. The added bedroom will need a permanent source of HVAC installed. I took photos of the current conditions as well. January 16th, 2025, I arrived on site for a 30-day inspection. Photos were taken. After further research into the records, I found two permit applications for room remodel expired in May of 2023. I requested a notice in order cloud and title to be sent out, which is being appealed this evening. As of today, no building permit has been issued. The notice of Liss Bindens. Oh, excuse me. Let me go on down. So staff recommends that the board adopts the decision finding the property owner has violated the provisions of Chapter 896 and or 8100 of the Sacramento City Code, ordering the property owner to obtain a permit to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within 30 days of the date of the decision and ordering that if the property owner fails, refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within the time set forth in this decision that the city of Sacramento may repair, Sacramento may repair, demolish or secure the structure or institute in action to compel compliance with the order for the property known as 200 Majorca Circle, Sacramento, California, 95823, parcel number 11706460290000. Thank you. And Mr. Fan, we will move on to you. I just want to remind you this is for notice and order. So we're not here to hear anything about fees for right now. This can this can only hear if there is a violation. Go ahead. So the main point is one, it's a dangerous building. Right. According to Aaron said there's two expired permit application on May 2023. Okay, so I guess I always think I'm a good friend of him. I always tell him I believe I'm in good hand. So I trust him. But some information he didn't know. Okay, first, how the dangerous building was added to my case. Because in May 24th, that's the initial building. So when the inspector, Mr. Philip Long, come, he told me I need apply for a permit for egress pass for egress windows. So I did that immediately because I purchased this house in 2010. But, you know, the wall or the divider is already there. So actually, my buyer agent, she works for the city, you know, code enforcement. So I saw that she checked everything for me. Everything is fine. Right. So I never had any problem even in 2020. Jason Martoni something. Yeah, he come to the house. He checked everything. He sees that the divider. He never mentioned anything. And he only asked me to separate the outside patio cover or get a permit. Then because it's an older one. So I thought separate into two parts is easier. So I just did that. And after that, he closed the case. So for two or three years, we have no issues until May 23. So at the first inspection report, I actually included in my submitted document, Mr. Philip Long never mentioned that that's the divider is the issue. OK. Until the second inspection on June 26, he told me the dimension for the egress window meet the requirement. But after he talked to the supervisor, Patrick Murch said, I need to get a permit for that. Oh, I need to put the condition back to the original. So because you told me to open an egress pass. So I did that. Right. Then you come back, told me because your supervisor asked to get a permit. And then either get a permit or took that windows back. So I just contacted the supervisor and he called me on June 29 in the morning. So I asked because I have experienced that in 2020. Right. So I said, can we have an administrative review? Then he got very angry. So in that day, in the afternoon, I don't know if it's Mr. Long or Mr. Patrick ordered an housing case was put on. But on the same day, Mr. Patrick sent me an email said, if that violation was not corrected by August 10, then a housing case will be added. But it's only three days later after Mr. Long's second inspection. So at the beginning, I don't know who put the case in it. Right. And then about a year later, almost because the egress windows permit was granted on June 6. So by May of 2023, as Mr. Aaron said, that I never get any permit. No, I do get the permit from the permitting department. Actually, the permit service manager, David Philip and the supervisor, Chris Colley, they both are very helpful. They actually sent me an email, told me I only have like a few weeks left. If I don't get the final inspection for that window, then I have to reapply. Then I communicated with David Philip. So that's the problem, though, is you got a building inspector. You pulled a building permit but never finished it. No, I finished it. So the egress window is finished because at the beginning, he only asked me to do that. So put it back. Yeah. But it still has to, am I right, if you put it back, it still has to be inspected? No, I didn't put it back. Oh, you didn't put it back. Yeah, because David Phillips asked Chris Warden to help me with that issue. Then Chris Warden sent me an email and said I should go through the legalization. Of finishing it. Yeah, because the divide is there, but I just need to submit all of the draws, all of the paperwork, like outline, scope of work, then get it. So I submitted the whole set of documents. It's included in my paper. I see that. We have that. Yeah, on July 31, 2023. But if you check the Sacramento Citizen Portal, you will see they marked expired on August 23. So I guess I'm confused. Is your argument that you've submitted an application but they marked it expired? Yes. And so that was nine months ago. Did you try to... It's now months ago because I think the system works strangely. Okay. So when it was expired, what did you do at that point? You know, I submitted on July 31, right? The City's portal marked expired because on the same day, they charged $160. What did you do after that? Well, because after they put the condition for the housing case, it became very, very difficult for me to submit the information. But fortunately, I submitted the whole set. I got the clip. I submitted the complete set on July 31. But still, for some reason, that application was marked expired. I get that the application's mark expired. Did you then go to the city to try and bring it up to date? Because this was back in July of last year. It's only from I submit to expired only 10 or 20 some days. That's still expired. Hold on one second. Mr. Cosley? Yeah, Mr. Chairman, we might want to establish it again. We're here for the notes in order. Was the violation there at the time? So the only way we received it in the Housing Endangers building is because it exceeded all of the timelines in the rental housing section where they still tried to get him to deal with the egress window. And they noted the egress window was part of the addition which we are now dealing with. So therefore, when it comes to us, we could have issued a notice in order immediately. So do you see what he's saying? No, no. He is not quite understanding. No. Egress window was installed. I get that. But I got the report within two weeks. What he's saying is this is also a rental housing because this is not your home. This is a rental property now. This now becomes a secondary issue. And the city has a second set of guidelines to inspect the property to make sure it's safe. Yes. And when you applied for the permits and failed to. I didn't. I applied a permit. Then I got. Then they expired. No, it's not expired. It's not expired. That's a two application. OK. So the question here is still again, I can only hear what's in front of us. So the argument here is, is there a code violation? Are you arguing that there is no code violation? Well, it depends on how the dangerous building was defined. Because he pointed me where to install the Egress window within 30 days before the next inspection. So I got the permit. I installed it. Then he come in. He admitted it. In his second report, he said it's a dimension. That's a four by three feet. So it's more than enough. So he said that's it. But he said, I'm sorry. OK. Let me ask, is the property registered with rental housing inspection? Yes. When was the last inspection that was done? At the rental housing? Yeah. The last inspection before it came over to us was done, looks like 4-12-24. OK. And at that point, what was determined is, yes, he tried to work with them with the window, but they had the other violations. And so when they went to go through the final, they cannot overlook the fact that there's an addition. And there was nothing resolved from the time it opened in the rental, which was going all the way back to 6-26-23. So from 6-26-23 all the way to 4-12-24, rental was dealing with him and the issue. Eventually, they had to hand it to HDB because they was not getting resolution to the problem. No. We can send a notice in order right then, but the fact that it's gone that long without solving the problem. That's not the story. Because Mr. Warden was appointed by Mr. David to help me. Then Mr. Warden sent an email because I already passed phase one and phase two inspection. So Mr. Justin Emery is the third phase inspector. And he asked him to help me to go through a speed up. But it took 45, 50 days for Mr. Justin Emery to respond. In his email on January 3rd, 2024, he said, Mr. Fan, the newly permitted divide. That's what is beginning. Mr. Fan, we're a year past the time we received it and you still do not have a permit. And the violation still exists. Who is responsible? I'm not sure what you're arguing. The violation has existed for over two years. Who is responsible for the permit? Who is responsible for the permit? I didn't get any denied. I didn't get anything. But you haven't finished the permit process. You started it but didn't finish it. No, I finished the first one. I finished the first one before the egress window. Okay, but the second permit, why haven't you? The second permit, the second one, because the main issue is not the divider. The main issue concerned about phase three is that the windows has to have access in the same room. But because Mr. Philip Leung told me to install there, there is a closet. That's why the closet issue took a while. So I contacted Mr. Justin Emery and I offered it. I said, can I put steps? So it's easier, right? It took all of the frame off. Then... I get that. I'm going to stop you right there just because the problem is you have a building permit that's expired from over a year ago. If you would continue to work with them on that. I got a permit. It was an application. He did not approve. I got a permit. If you look at it, I got a permit through the egress window. I got final... So I'm going to open up to questions from the board. Mr. Fang, we're not here for the egress window. We understand you had a permit for the egress window. We're here for, according to the facts, we're here for the construction of the added wall in the bedroom. The HVAC system that also needs a permit. That permit, whatever the application, it seems like it expired. You need a permit for that specific construction. We're not here for the egress window. So that needs to be permitted. Mr. Gilded Sleeve needs to come out or someone needs to come out and inspect it to make sure that it's not a dangerous structure. I believe that you're trying to give us an explanation for the window, but that's not an issue here. It's only for the notice and order for the added walls for the bedroom with the additional HVAC system. That's all I have. If you go back to read the phase three inspect, he told me clearly, when we were in foreign competition, he said he has no issue about the divider, but only the pathway has to meet his demand. That's not true. The letter here shows October 16th that they did. I arrived on site building Inspector Lovato for a second and meeting with the property owner to go over construction of the added wall in the bedroom. The added bedroom will need a permanent source of HVAC install. I took pictures and then arrived on December 16th for an inspection and no permit had still been installed. So again, go ahead. If you check California law, California law does not require every room has to have an AC, HVAC. No, but you have HVAC and you have a wall that's not permitted. No, that's a divider, it's not a wall. Okay, because one of the tenant, he is a contractor. And he should have been able to get the permits easily if he's a contractor. No, he told me the most efficient way to circulate the air is by using van-tiller. If he's a contractor, he would have pulled a permit before doing any work. No, he is not doing anything. He is a tenant. He is a fully 100% disabled veteran. He used to work in the Army. I'm just going to repeat, we're here to see if the city of Sacramento has proven that there is a code violation. Do you deny there is a code violation? No. Okay, that's the point. I think I submitted everything. You cannot accept my submitted application on July 3rd for the divider, and then you tell me it is expired within one month. But we're not here to hear that. We can only hear if there's a current code violation. I'm going to address you, Mr. Fan. Whatever you'd like to have, and you submit a set of plans. When you submit the plans, that's when they determine whether or not you can have it. If you're doing something that's even outside of the code, you may request an alternative mode to do something that you really want. But the main thing you've got to do here is submit something to be reviewed to say yes or no. You have not done that. So you're in violation of that. Once you send something into the city, we will stop all fines and penalties at the time. Do you want to see this? No, I do not, sir. You do not have any current application into the city. I don't know what you're waiting on. I submitted a full document on July 31st, and you charged me $160 for the review fees, and then you marked that as expired application. That's unreasonable. So again, you still haven't gone forward with those fees. You haven't paid the fees and done the application. I did everything. So then it hasn't been reissued. You will need to work with the inspector to pull a current permit. That's what I told him. I told him I have no problem. Satisfy your expiration issue that you're having. When you submit an application, if you fail to get that application through the entire process within a year, it automatically expires, and you have to start over. So you keep bringing up the expiration, but it's because it's taking you so long to satisfy the requirements to get the permit. That's how it works. You have the wrong impression. I told you the same year, 2023, from July 31st to, you know, they marked expired. If you're charging me, it's only 23 days. It's not a year. Supervising Building Inspector Doug Pierce. Okay. I'll read the dates. The application which expired that you guys are discussing and the application was originally obtained, permit application, was August 23rd, 2023. Applications expire after 180 days, not a year. Permits expire after the first year. Applications expired 180 days. The application expired on March 25th, 2024, which was 180 days. He then obtained an additional extension for this application and he paid extra money. And then it again expired September 18th, 2023. Okay. At this point, you've admitted that there are code violations. No, no, no. His record is not correct. You cannot submit August 23. Then marked expired on the same day. Right? Your record is not accurate, not correct. So Mr. Pearson? It appears he had 120 days, according to this record, or 180 days before the application expired. Although it does show the review, they expired the review on 9-18-2023. It shows an expired application. They brought it in and a second correction was done on September 26th. So that post dates that expired. So it appears they saw the... What you're saying is they found the error and they fixed it. They corrected it. So then you did get something in the mail September 26th then. Right. September 26th is the phase two inspector. Informed me that I have passed phase two. Okay. So then that passed to phase three, right? Justin Emery, then he told me on January 3rd of 2024 said the newly permitted divide. So he gave me the information that the permit... It's not a pass. When you're in cycle one and you don't get it done in cycle one, you go to cycle two. And if you don't get it in cycle two, you go to cycle three and the cost and expense goes up. And at some point you run out of cycles. So the fact is you're not submitting what you're supposed to submit in a timely manner in order to get through the process and get the permit. So that's the problem. At this point, we're going to go ahead and vote on this. Do I have a motion? Yes, I move that this board accepts the staff recommendation, finding the property owner has violated the provisions of Chapter 8.96 and or 8.100 of the Sacramento City Code, ordering the property owner to obtain a permit to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within 30 days of the date of this decision, and ordering that if the property owner fails, refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure within the time set forth in this decision, that the City of Sacramento may repair, demolish or secure the structure or institute an action to compel the compliance with the order for the property known as 200 Majorca Circle, Sacramento, California 95823, APN number 117006460290000. Second. One question. Does he currently have an application in for a permit? No, he doesn't. So we'd like to just inform you, sir, that you have to get that application in as soon as possible. Otherwise, fine, the penalties will continue. Yes, I always told him I have no problem resubmit. Right. Thank you. Hold on one second. Go ahead. And Tablion. Yes. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. Aye. All right, Mr. Fant. The board has found in favor of the city that there is a code violation. You will need to work with the building inspector to continue to meet this. I understand that you will need to pull another one since it's been since what it sounds like September of last year. So if you will continue to at least reach out to the building inspector, he will work with you. You will get our decision in the mail. And if you would like to take it to the next step, you're more than welcome to say one more. Sure. He sent me. He put on the property door and note and ordering. So I sent him an email. I said, can I meet you in your office? Right on January 24th, because that's 23rd. And then he replied to me on January 27th of twenty five. He said he can meet me on site on January 3rd. OK. I'm not going to show the January 3rd. So this. OK. And then 31st and then he sent me email on January 3rd. He changed his mind. He said, I recommend you to contact. The planning department and find out what they need. So, uh, Inspector Gilder's sleeve, does he need to work with you or he actually still needs to pull a building permit first or both? He does need to definitely work with planning and see what it is that they're requiring of them, because, again, the time the application continues to expire. OK. So for time's sake, Mr. Gilder's sleeve is going to step outside with you and answer any questions you may have. Is that OK? That's fine. But I do have to. He's up next. Oh, well, then, Mr. I do have his information. We can always. OK. You'll contact him tomorrow. Yes, I can do that. There we go. He'll contact you tomorrow. Thank you, Chairman. Thank you. Have a great evening. We're going to go ahead and move on to item number five and six. I'm just going to remind people as we get on to the housing and dangerous building cost recovery, we are no longer here to hear the case on whether or not this is contested. So if you're here to say that this issue, the city of Sacramento cited your property and the reasoning was for X reason, that is not this. You are just contesting the fees. As you heard from the last two cases, that was the notice and order appeal where you're appealing whether or not the city has inappropriately or improperly cited your house or building or residential or commercial. As we've realized today, inappropriately. So this all we are here is are the fees just by the city of Sacramento? So I know a lot of you in the audience here are still waiting. So I just want to remind you to keep it clear and concise. And it's just about fees going forward. So at this point, we'll hear items five and six concurrently. Did the representative? So we will go ahead. Mr. Gilder sleeve, Inspector Gilder sleeve. Very brief on this one, please. Let me swear. I can have all parties for items number five and six for the property located at five nine four three Mack Road. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? I do. This is for agenda agenda item five and six case number two four dash zero two three four eight zero property owner is Megan Maiden. The property address located at five nine four three Mack Road, Sacramento, California. Parcel number one one eight zero one two one zero zero seven zero zero zero zero. Hearing date is April nine. Two thousand twenty five. Again, my name is Ariane Gilder sleeve building inspector for the city of Sacramento. The case opened on June 10th, two thousand twenty four. Currently, the case is open. This case was referred by the rip department due to the property owners neglect of repairs to the home, which included a rip inspection report with several violations and photos. July 9th, two thousand twenty four. I arrived on site for an initial inspection. The front vinyl siding of the home was damaged from the public thoroughfare. I knocked on the door twice with no response. I placed a business card at the front door and took photos of the current conditions. A preliminary letter was requested to be sent out based on the current violations. September 24th, two thousand twenty four. I arrived on site for the second 30 day inspection. No one contacted me since sending the preliminary letter. There is no issued building permit for the property. Photos were taken. I requested a notice in order cloud and title to be sent out, which is being appealed this evening. November 7th, two thousand twenty four. I arrived on site for a 30 day inspection. I met with the tenant on site and inspected the violations on the rip report. Violations on the list had not been corrected. I took photos of the current conditions. I requested the first monitoring fee to be sent out, which is also being appealed this evening. As of April 3rd, two thousand twenty five, the property owner has obtained a building permit and is currently working to correct the violations. Itemized and total cost of work. Notice in order cost thirteen hundred and sixty dollars. Termination fee one hundred ninety dollars. Title cost forty seven dollars and fifty cents. Monitoring fee three hundred and eighty dollars. Total cost of one thousand nine hundred seventy seven dollars and fifty cents. The. The staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of the invoice number. C. D. D. C. H. C. two zero five nine one in the amount of one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollars and fifty cents for the notice in order title and cloud on the property known as fifty nine forty three Mack Road Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three parcel of the property. Number one one eight zero one two one zero zero seven zero zero zero zero. That's item number. I'm six as well and we'll hear them consecutively. Good. OK. So item six. The staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of invoice number. Number C. D. D. C. H. C. two zero eight six two in the amount of three hundred and eighty dollars for the monitoring fee on the property known as fifty nine forty three Mack Road Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three parcel number one one eight zero one two one zero zero seven zero zero zero zero. Thank you. Does the board have any questions? No, I would like to make a recommendation confirming the total charge of invoice number C. D. D. C. H. C. two oh five nine one in the amount confirming fifteen ninety seven fifty for the notice in order title and cloud on the property known as fifty nine forty three Mack Road Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three APN number one one eight oh one two one zero zero zero zero zero. Second. And tablian. Yes. Fisher. Yes. Does the board have any questions about item number six? I would like to make a motion confirming the total charge of invoice number C. D. D. C. H. C. two oh eight six two in the amount of three hundred eighty dollars for the monitoring fee on the property known as fifty nine forty three Mack Road Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three APN number one one eight dash oh one two one dash oh seven dash oh oh oh oh. Second. And tablian. Yes. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. Aye. All right. Thank you. Missed Inspector Gilder sleeve. Sorry. They did a little swap there on me. I thought I was going crazy. All right. Inspector Lovato beat me to it and DSD solutions. Is that this one? Yes. I'm sorry. Who? Oh, I want to make sure I get your name right. Do we do we do we do we owe your first name? What's your last name? Pan Pan. Okay, Mr. Pan. Thank you. The shoe will swear you in. Okay, if I can have all parties for item seven for the property located at six seven one five Stockton Boulevard, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Thank you. Inspector Lovato. This is agenda item number seven case number two four dash zero three seven zero four two property owner DSD solutions incorporated property address six seven one five Stockton Boulevard Sacramento, California. Nine five eight two three. Parcel number zero four zero zero zero three two zero two zero zero zero zero zero. Today's April 9th, 2025. My name is Paul Lovato, building inspector with Housing Endangered Buildings. This case opened on September 20th, 2024, and the current case status is open. On September 19th, 2024, I received a call from principal building inspector Cosley at 1121 a.m. Stating the chief was at six seven one five Stockton Boulevard is and is requesting building inspectors to visit the property due to work performed without the benefit of permits. I then went to the site and it showed the commercial building is preparing food to deliver to restaurants. Due to the preparations of food, the owners decided they were going to install a kitchen area with sinks, ovens, etc. There was a roll up door at the exterior of the building that had been removed and they started building a wall to close in the kitchen area. I then talked with the owner of the building and he said his brother was in the process of turning the building into a kitchen and was talking with architects and engineers. Plans were produced. Then his brother passed away. The owner now never followed through with the permitting process. I let the owner know. Now is the time to follow through with the permitting and not to continue working. I then walked the rest of the building and it showed there were areas where doors were removed, doors added by cutting into walls. There are signs of insulation that is falling from the roof above the and landing in the areas where the food is being prepared. I looked at the bathroom areas and it showed there were upgrades done in the bathrooms that have removed the ADA compliance. I then spoke with the fire prevention officer on site and let him know that the fire risers had been worked on. The electrical at the fire riser to the fire alarm panel had been taken apart and the gauges had been removed and bolts put in the place. The fire prevention officer let the owner know he was putting the building on fire watch until repairs were made. The owner of the building then came over and talked with me and had stated he had spoke with the fire sprinkler company and they were on their way out to look at what was needed to come into compliance. He then wanted to know what I thought was the amount of time to receive a certificate of occupancy from the building department. I let him know that most of it depends on the owner as in hiring an architect, how well the architect draws the drawings, the contractor that will make repairs, etc. I then let him know I think a certificate of occupancy would not be issued before the ending of the year. On September 23rd, 2024, I was copied on an email from the Sacramento Fire Department to the owner about the fire watch information and it said property. Oh, information had said property. All fire watch documents that were sent to the property owner had been added to this packet. On November 1st, 2024 at 8 31 a.m. I arrived at the commercial building. I took photos to update the case files and due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to own obtain an HDB permit, I issued a notice in order. I also ordered a cloud be placed on the title and the title report done. On January 14th, 2025 at 12 o'clock p.m. I arrived at the commercial building to take photos, update case files and send the second monitoring fee for the willful disregard of orders or notices of violations issued by a city agency or commission authorized to issue such orders or notices and failure to comply with the notices. As I was on site, I did see the building shows that it's up for sale. Pictures were taken for sale posting. The itemized total cost of work was the notice in order was $1,360. Termination fees $190. The title cost is $100, which comes to $1,650. The cloud was properly recorded. Okay, November 27, 2027. Staff recommends the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $1,650 for the notice in order on the property known as 6715 Stockton Boulevard, Sacramento, California 95823 parcel number 04003202000. Thank you, Inspector Lovato. Mr. Pan. Yes, I'd like to add to what Mr. Lovato said. After November 6. I'm going to stop you just real quick. Just I'm going to remind you what I said when I started. We're not here to talk about the notice in order. We're only here to decide on whether your fees are proper. Yeah, that's I'm getting ready. Perfect. Sorry, then. Go ahead. After November 6, Mr. Lovato was contacted with my initial engineer saying that I was supposed to have some working compliance and doing what I'm supposed to do. On November 24, we received an email from my engineer with the proper paperwork's that was sent off to with the first revision of the plans. I assume that Mr. Lovato got that information. I got a copy of the email. They never got a copy of it. So I kept on working with my engineer to do the proper revisions, working on the plans to get it properly submitted properly. And then finally, mid-December, my engineer fell sick and I didn't get a chance to work with him until beginning of January, at which point in time. That's when Mr. Lovato came out on January 14th stating that failure to comply. I'm not doing what I'm supposed to. That triggered me to reach out to Mr. Lovato, sending him a second email on the 21st stating that this is the second plan revisions that we're working on. So everything up to January 14th and 20 seconds, it shouldn't have happened just because we're complying with what we're supposed to be doing. So I'm not sure how that's supposed to work. OK, I see what you're saying. So is this Inspector Lovato or Mr. Cosley? I know we've talked about the or. Rising Building Inspector Doug Pearson. So the fees we're discussing today are based on November 1st issuance of the notice in order title and cloud. So everything that's happened after November 1st is not debatable on what we're talking about today. So I want to make sure you're understanding we're only here to hear fees for 1360 notice in order, the termination of 190. So total of 1650. Correct 1650. Any. Well, those are fees applied before November 1st. Is that what I think he's saying? They are November 1st. Is that what you said? They were issued on due to the action taken on November 1st inspection done on November 1st. OK, so I'm assuming then. Go ahead, Chairman. So what that means is when you issue a notice in order that has a fee and then you have the title and you have the termination. Those three typically add up to that. So that's all that was is the charges for this. I guess that's that's what I'm asking. Is there what are your concerns with the are the fees incorrect? Is that what you're saying? I'm just well, I'm not sure this because I'm not complying to the orders or that's something that's just set that I have to pay. That's my understanding. Mr. Lovato or Inspector Lovato. Yeah, so it looks like these fees are here for the November 1st when the notice in order was issued on November 1st. Are there additional fees that are on this? They're not not being appealed here. No, I'm just so he's aware there are additional fees on this case, and I'm assuming it's because it hasn't been closed. OK, so I guess the only thing I can ask for is lean sees on this because I'm trying to comply for what I've been asked to do. How much time do you need? I'm working currently right now with OK to do those edits. He even met with one of my engineers yesterday and Inspector Lovato have the fees paused since he's working with you. The fees have not paused, but I mean each month when it does come time because every 30 days the police come out and like for instance, he was saying yesterday we had a meeting with the engineers. I mean, I do see is moving forward. There was a couple months where talking with the owner. He wasn't for sure if he was going to sell the building, if he was going to do you know, so when stuff wasn't going at the beginning, there was penalties. OK, November. OK, but as of today, I mean he is. I'm working with him. So I want Mr Chairman as a point of reference pertain to what you're asking. So, for example, we always are going to issue the monitoring fee because we're still actively going out there working the cases. But when he sees that there's some progress and they're moving forward, then he can avoid issuing an admin penalty. But the monitoring fee reminds our customers you still have to accomplish the goal and we're spending our time coming out there because the city is expending costs doing so. Yeah, and I wanted to make sure he was understanding, but I want to open up to the board. Any questions? Thank you, Chair. Just because I forgot. So what is the cost of placing a cloud? I'm looking the wrong direction. These here were one thousand three hundred sixty. Notice an order. One hundred and ninety dollars for termination fee. And there's one hundred dollars for the title. Right. My question. I'm sorry if I wasn't clear, but I'm sorry. Go ahead. Cloud would be the one ninety. OK, so it's just the language is different. Termination fee. Got you. Gotcha. Thank you. Thank you for that. So what's not here again is outside the monitoring, which says OK, thank you. All right. Anything else you'd like to add? OK, I would highly encourage you to continue working while Mr. Cosley mentioned that there are certain fees that will continue as long as you continue to work with the inspector. Other fees may pause. So at this time, I'll open to the board if there is a recommendation. Yes, sir. I move that the board accept the staff recommendation confirming the total charge of one thousand six hundred and fifty dollars for the notice in order on the property known as six seven one five Stockton Boulevard, Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three APN number zero four zero zero zero three two zero two zero zero zero zero zero zero. Second. And Tablian. Yes. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. All right. All right, Mr. Pan. The city the board has found in favor for the city as the we have seen the costs to be just for what they charge. But I do encourage you to continue working so that you get a limited amount of additional fees are in continuation. Thank you. All right. We are going to move on and hear both case eight and nine together. That is Inspector Liker and the representative Melissa Walker. Yes, please have a seat. And then when you do end up speaking, just make sure the green lights on and the supervising building inspector as he walks by will make sure to help you out there. Say something. No, not yet. We have to swear you in one second. All right. Go ahead. If I can have all parties for items number eight and nine for the property located at six four zero Grand Avenue, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. So we're going to unless you are withdrawing or something, we're going to hear from the supervisor, the building inspector, and then we'll come to you. Is that OK? OK. OK. Take it away. Inspector Liker. Good evening. My name is Richard Liker, building inspector for the city of Sacramento. This is agenda item number eight and nine, case number two four dash zero two nine four zero one. Property owners Melissa M. Decentis. Property is at six four zero Grand Avenue, parcel number two five zero zero zero nine one zero one one zero zero zero zero. Case opened on July 24th of 2024 and is currently closed at about zero five zero zero oh five hours on Wednesday. Seven twenty four twenty four. I received a three one one request from Sacramento Police Department to secure two windows at subject property. Contacted officer on scene who stayed at the occupant could not be reached. I then contacted Grey Construction who agreed to respond. At site to verify the securement, I found the gated gated property locked at the public right away. No access. I entered contractors photos into the case file on August 27th of 24 received invoice number GC one three three nine two from Grey Construction in the amount of three hundred and forty dollars for the summary on call securement dated August 10th 24. OK to process the invoice. Staff recommends that the board that the board adopts a decision confirming total charge of nine hundred and ten dollars for the work performed by the city on the property known as six four zero Grand Avenue. Parcel number two five zero zero zero nine one zero one one zero zero zero zero. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Miss Walker. First of all, good evening, ladies and gentlemen, chairman of the board. Good evening. I'm here just to. And I am here to appeal for this. That this amount enforcement citation of total of three thousand six hundred sixty three. And before I say something, I was supposed to be resting right now because I just had a surgery three three weeks ago. I'm supposed to be on a four weeks to say eight weeks of recovery. But I have to attend this because I get high. There is no way I could pay this because I don't have a job since almost after the pandemic. I lost all my job. I didn't have I didn't have no income and I was very, very sick. And actually, I went to the Philippines because, as I said, I don't have a job. I have to see a doctor and also visit my mom, which happens at the time I'm supposed to get back soon. Then I found out that my house was vandalized and I couldn't come back right away because I'm supposed to come back soon. But then something happened. My mother died. And then I also got very sick. I got pneumonia. As I said, my my health is really not in good condition and I haven't been working. And so my only ask for you is to help me to at least. I'm appealing that this should be. How do you call it? That there is no way I could pay for this right now, because my house, as I said, was vandalized. All my things were gone. I have I can't even sell my house because the windows are I mean, my house is totally broken. I can't even sell it. Nobody wants to buy it. So, I mean, please help me with this. I really need your help to, as I said, I'm also going to a lot of problems right now. I have a lot of maintenance and as you can see, even my voice, I'm still need to have another probably surgery in June. So I really don't know what to say, but I just really need your help to please understand me. That's all I could say. But I really need your help. Nobody. Melissa, how much did you say? What was the amount of money you read there? Three thousand six hundred. And I was going to get to that. We're only here to hear two charges. So we have today's hearing is just to hear item number eight is for one hundred and ninety dollars and item number nine is seven hundred and twenty dollars. So that's all we're here today to hear. Just so you're aware. I don't know why I have this. So how much is it supposed to be? Nine hundred and ten dollars is what we're hearing today. Total between the two different cases. So what I need to pay you said is nine hundred. So there may be additional fees, inspector. Is this just part of there were actually two securements done in July. So it sounds like this is just partial. So it sounds like the first securement is possibly what we're hearing today. And there's a second securement cost that you didn't appeal or have not yet appealed. I'm not sure. But this one is for a total of nine hundred and ten dollars. So as I said, how much is it like total in total? So I can't tell you. I mean, you can work with the inspector like or after. But I can't tell you because we don't work for the city. Yeah, but even if it's nine hundred, as I said, there is no way I could pay for this. My house is not no one even wants to buy it. It's a bundle eyes. It was one the lies and insurance until now. I'm running for the insurance and they've been asking me to get all the police report, please. Which I went there three times already that they said the police report would be sent to me, will be sent to me. But until now, we never get anything. That's why until now, the insurance is not helping me out. There's nothing I have no money. I have no income. I really need help for this. My house is not even livable. It was one the lights like like almost three times. We tried to I tried to ask money help for my sister. We fixed out and it was one the lights again. My situation is I thought that's why I called the police. I thought the police will somehow help me. That's why, isn't it? Police are supposed to help people who are in danger. So, I mean, if I have the money to pay, this will be no problem. But as I said, I haven't been working since the pandemic and I've been very sick. So I think Mr. Cosley, did you want to say something? Yes, thank you. So, Melissa, what we're going to do here after you get up, you're going to walk out this door, you're going to talk to the young lady at the door, and she will give you information on how you can pay over a period of time. Also, you can go to another hearing where you can actually express what you're expressing now to see if they would give you relief of any of those fines or penalties. So right now, we're just dealing with the fact that this was the cost of the city expended to get this done. But if you need time to pay or if you would like to, excuse me, hold on, or if you would like to actually say what you said in front of another hearing, this is not the right place. You can go to another hearing to where you can plead your inability to pay for the fines. So right now, we're here just to hear if the costs that they've provided are reasonable. And that's the problem. So the issue with the City of Sacramento, I'm going to give just a quick rundown, is they have an ordinance that any property that is left vacant or open to the public requires the City of Sacramento to contact the owner to have the owner come out and secure the property. If that is not possible, they've gone with a bid, with the lowest bid, which is gray construction, which will then to secure your property to make sure people don't get in the best as possible. A company will come out, and as they charged on here, they will secure the property to keep it safe until you're able to come into it. So just so you're aware, every time somebody breaks into that property and the city sees it, they are required to send gray construction or you and your representative out to secure it. They will give you an option. They will call you first if you're registered. But if you can't secure it, every time it's broken into, gray construction will come, and the city will send you another bill. That's my problem. I cannot secure it because it's not livable. Well, if you're looking to sell the property, there's a lot of places even on TV that if you just need to get rid of the property, I can't advise you to sell the property or tell you who to sell it to. I'm just saying there are lots of options that you have out there. But I just want to let you know these, for the most part, these fees are gray construction fees that we're hearing today. But before I go forward, I want to make sure the Board has any questions. I have, so I have one more question. So on one second, I'm going to turn it over. Thank you. Mr. DeSantis, I think I missed it. When did you go to the Philippines? Last, like March of last year. So you stayed several months. I'm supposed to stay several months, but I had a death in my family. My mother and then I got sick. I got pneumonia because of the typhoon. I got very, very sick. I'm supposed to go home. Okay. Then this happened. Right. I just, I didn't catch when you went. Thank you for that. But again, we are only hearing one instance when your house was broken into. And the city code requires that when the police are called out, they cannot leave your house open, unsecured. So they had to call a company to come secure your property. And that first time, that's why we're here. The cost for that company to come out, actually, this isn't even a, hold on one second. The invoice from that company to come out and board up your windows and doors, that's why you're here. You're here to appeal that cost. And that cost comes to $910. That's just the first time. That's only, that's all we're here, that we can hear, because that's all you appealed. And as the chair stated, if you want to appeal the other costs, the ladies will help you on how to appeal those other costs. But right now, we are going to make our decision based upon the $910. Yeah, can I speak? I'm asking and beg you to please waive this for me, because I don't really have no income, as I said. I mean, they took everything. They took everything in my house, all my clothes and everything. But usually they rob me like to death. I have nothing. So is your house pending sale now or no? Yes, nobody wants to buy it for now, because it's $1. But it's pending sale or no? Is it pending sale? Yes, yes. So you do have a buyer? No, there are buyers, but they are turning it down. They don't like it, because it's going to be like a fully fixed upper. All the windows, the doors, they're all broken, the knobs. Like it's totally damaged. My house is totally damaged. Okay, so again, here's the problem. You're going to continue getting these fees until... So even the problem is these fees will continue every time somebody breaks into the house. Yeah, and I have a question, too, because the insurance has been asking for the report, and I haven't gotten any report. So, Inspector Langer? Can you get her a copy? Are you talking about the police report? Yes. Okay, never mind, Inspector. I've been waiting for six months. You have to work with the City of Sacramento Police Department to get your copy. We went there three times. They keep on telling me that they will send it, or we will call you if you want to pick it up until now. You can also file a police report online. I don't know if you've done that. I don't know. Okay. Any other questions from the board? Do we have a motion? Well, Chair. Okay. She seems really stressed, but I just want to make sure she understands that the house is in escrow, and there has been a demand done, so the title company has already pulled these fees, and it would be settled in the settlement of the... Okay, so then... She should let us know as soon as it sells. That way we can make sure we deal with the new owner, and they don't bother you anymore. Okay? So it is pending sale right now. My question is, can this place be waived? Just 900 for now? Because I don't have... Well, if they've already requested the fees for the new buyer, it sounds like... The new buyer has requested the fees is what he's saying. Right, on March 27th, a week and a half ago, the title company pulled a demand asking for these fees, and we've already provided all that information to them to include in escrow. The totality? Okay. Do I have a motion? Yeah, we have to do them separately. So invoice item number eight first. Okay. Move that the board accept the staff recommendation confirming the total charge of $190 for item eight for the work performed by the city on a property known as 640 Grand Avenue, APN number 2500000910110000. I second. That's okay. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. Do I have a motion for item nine? I move that the board accept the staff recommendation confirming the total charge of $720 for item nine for the work performed by the city on a property known as 640 Grand Avenue, APN number 250000910110000. Second. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. So the board has found in favor of the city of Sacramento. However, it sounds like these fees are going to be covered in escrow. So it looks like that'll take care of them since you already have a buyer for the property. But again, the problem is if you already have a buyer for the property, the fees will be transferred to the new buyer anything that happens after that. So they will be responsible for the property once it changes. And as Mr. Lemos mentioned, you should reach out to the city as soon as you transfer the property and let them know that you're no longer the owner. All right. So we've heard case eight and nine. So you will get the final in the mail. You'll get the packet in the mail detailing all of the information for you. Okay. Thank you. We'll move on to item number 10, Inspector Prock. I have one more question. Okay, go ahead. I don't need those reports of the police anything. You don't need the police report? I don't need it anymore. Are you asking or telling me? I'm asking. I don't. I have no clue. You said you needed the police report for your insurance. So, yeah, I would continue to work with that. How can I get the police report? I would... I mean, Mr. I don't have any contacts with the police department to report. You'd have to go to the safety center down on Freeport. Because I've been waiting for the last, since October. I wouldn't think it would take that long for a police report. I would definitely just contact the... We went there three times. We went there three times. Where's the public counter? Did you go down on Freeport Boulevard? Yes. Okay, that's the counter that you would have to go to down on Freeport Boulevard. They keep on telling me, just wait, it will come in your mail. It will come in your mail. But it's been six months. You might want to confirm that they have the right mailing address, because it may have gone to the property. Yeah, I gave them the address of my sister, because that house cannot be... It's not livable. Okay. Yeah, I can't... We just don't have... Because we're just the board... We don't actually work for the city. That's why I said, there's no way I could give that to the insurance. But this, I could get some of my losses. Yeah, no, that makes sense. Once you get it, I mean, you could still, even after you sell the property, it happened before. So you'll still be able to submit that to your insurance. I lost all my properties, all my personal belongings and everything. I have nothing. I have nothing. I should make another trip down to the police department. If you've been waiting six months, you should go back and remind them that you're still looking for this information. They keep on saying, we'll call you or we'll... Bye again. Yeah, sorry about that. That's why I want to report. How can I get it? Yeah, I would try the police department one more time if it's been that long. They should have it by now. Yeah, I would see if you can get a copy of it printed out there. I have no insurance. I mean, I don't have nothing. I completely understand it. I'm sorry. I wish we could help you. All right, we're going to move on to item number 11. No, they said we don't have to do that anymore. So do I talk to him or something? You can tomorrow if you have further questions. But if the house is pending sale, at this point, I would just let him know once the house completes sale. Thank you. Item number 10. Yeah, we don't have to until it hits three hours anymore. She confirmed. But did you have a question before we move on to 10? Oh, the three hour. Remember there was the two hour and then you have to vote to go past. We'll vote, I think, to go past three hours once the time comes, but we're not there yet. We don't have to vote for the two hour anymore. No, we're going to go until 930. Oh, good, until 930. Okay. I apologize. So we have item number, I said 10? 10. Inspector Prock, there we go. And is it Jessica? Jessica Pizzano. Pizzano, thank you. All right, go ahead and. Thank you. If I can have all parties for item number 10 for the property located at 1181 Sonoma Avenue, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Inspector Prock, go ahead. Good evening, Mr. Chair. My name is Elijah Prock. I am a city building inspector for the Housing Endangered Buildings. Today's date is April 9th, 2025. This is for the agenda item number 10, case number 24-014176. The property owners Pizzano, Jessica and Rogelio Pizzano Ramirez. Property address is 1181 Sonoma Avenue, Sacramento, California 95815. Parcel number is 265-0022-048. This is counting of expenses special assessment. This case was opened on April 3rd, 2024. The current case status, it is open. The subject location was identified to have complete interior and exterior remodel work done without the benefit of required permit. On April 5th, 2024, I met with the owner of record and advised her of necessary permitting requirements and expectations moving forward to address all unpermitted work. Buster preliminary letter was sent to the address on file. Due to continued noncompliance, a notice in order was issued on August 16th, 2024. And as part of continued enforcement action, there was an HDB monitoring fee issued on October 1st, 2024, for failure to comply with the notice in order in a timely manner. There is no permit on file to this date. The HDB monitoring fee is being appealed today. The administrative fees are $380. Staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 1181 Sonoma Avenue, Sacramento, California 95815. Again, the parcel number is 265-0022-048. Please see the documents attached. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Ms. Pesano? Pesano. Pesano. Yeah. Thank you. Go ahead. Good evening, everybody. My name is Jessica Pesano, owner currently of 1181 Sonoma Avenue. I'm presenting myself today to talk about the fees or the fee of $380 that I'm being currently charged. Actually, you know, I purchased the home February of last year, and nothing was mentioned to me that the house didn't have permits. Until Elijah came over and put in a red tag on my home. Within, I believe it was a month since I moved in that I wasn't able to walk in. So currently, I know I've been lagging a little bit on the fees. And the reason is because I'm the only one in the household currently with a job. It's me, my mom, my sister, and my nephew. Both currently don't have jobs. And, you know, I'm the only one taking care of like the mortgage and the monthly payments. But I'm currently doing my best to work with an engineer and an architect at the moment, which I have notified Elijah about. And I've emailed him as well every time I get an update from them. But yeah, I was hoping that maybe we can put a pause on this or somehow work with me to, you know, kind of stop, I guess, sending fees at the moment since that's the since, you know, I'm the only one working and trying to do the work on the house currently. But yeah, I understand there's a couple of violations and a lot of work has been done on the home, but it was not under my knowledge. So I'm looking at this and it says that this was back in April. So it's just been over a year now. Do you have current building permit? I don't have a current building permit. I've been working with a architect to get the plans that you guys are requesting me to get. But he can't finish since I was also required to get an engineer to do some work on it. I finally got an engineer, maybe a couple of things, I think it was last month or two months ago. I can't really recall. But currently he's working with the architect at the moment to get those plans done so we can start with the permit. Do you have a timeline? I have the contracts that I signed with them. I mean of when they'll submit a building permit. That's I mean, do you know? Because here's my concern. You're only here. Today's is only three hundred eighty dollars. That's the and so in reading some of the letters down here, it appears that you may have have additional fines. I'm assuming there's additional fees and monitoring that continues to happen. It should, but I was more than lenient in understanding the situation. But those fees really should be occurring every month. OK, so it sounds like he's paused the fees since you have somebody. Yeah. Is this is this the only fee? Is that what you said or? This particular fee of three hundred eighty dollars was issued back in October of last year. So even on this where has there been any fees since then? OK, I get it. Yeah, OK. I will say this is probably one of the lightest cases I've seen for and I completely understand. I don't want to downplay the costs, but that's why I'm just surprised because normally we're seeing cases that are a year out have a few thousand dollars in fees. And like I said, I definitely want to make sure so. And while I don't get to make a decision here, I will just ask while she has somebody, do you want to at least give her an idea of when fees may start if she doesn't pull a permit? Well, at this point, she had sent me some paperwork from her engineer. I would hope and I would really hope that this will be done within the next four weeks. Another month. Do you feel confident about that as well? I have to continue with further monitoring. I hope so. The only things with the engineer currently in our contract, it did say he was going to give or provide my architect with some information, maybe within one to 15 days since I signed the contract. How long ago was that? I signed the contract with him February 24th, 2025. So starting that date, and it's been over a month. He barely sent it over or working or see, I've been calling him. Didn't get response. He just sent some information over to the architect last week. All right, so I'll say four weeks is pretty good. I would say, though, every every time you get an update, I just personally recommend reaching out to let them know that they are about to possibly issue additional fees and to see if you can at least pull the permits as soon as possible so that the fees could stop. That's recommendation. Do I have any any questions from the board? All right. Whatever they send me, bring it to the city. Well, I would any information. No. What? Jessica, I would say I've been in good contact with you. So would you need to see an acceptable submittal that would be a full package, not just a mere letter, not just a mere email stating that, hey, you know, we're working on it. Is yours on? Is it not on? Can you hear me okay? Now we can. Sorry about that. So what we're looking for within the next four weeks is to have an acceptable submittal to where once it's accepted for review and I understand this may take a little bit extra time, but at least we're looking for an acceptable submittal within the next four weeks. If not, the penalties and fees will continue. Would you just stay for clarity what a acceptable acceptable submittal is? The acceptable submittal would be a complete package, meaning all the structural and engineer calculations and drawings, all the architectural sheets, all the plumbing, mechanical, electrical sheets. So not just a mere structural calculation for something like a beam, for example, but to address all the violations. So this was a pretty extensive remodel. And part of the me being a little bit lenient here is this was not caused by this owner here. It was caused by the previous owner who sold this house to her. But at some point we have to pull the trigger and do the work necessary to get the permit. It sounds like the order from the board is for Elijah to give her the property owner at least 30 days to have the architect submit something or contact Elijah if there's a good reason that they're having problems or something like that, then he'll work with them. And Ms. Paisano, you are very clear on what was just stated on what is needed. Yes. Okay. All right. Do I have a motion from the board? Sorry, you saw the lightning processing speed of these high end. Excuse me. I digress. My motion is that we agree with staff's recommendation that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city of by the city on the property known as 1181 Sonoma Avenue, Sacramento, California 95815. APN number 265-0022-048-0000. I second. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. So we did vote in favor for the city, but I will say this the reason one of the biggest reasons is Inspector Prock has been what we would say, especially from what we've seen more than fair. This case is over a year now and $380 is very small amount for what the costs of the city are. So I do know it is a hardship, but I will say the packet will come in the mail and there will be options and payment plans that are available. Okay. Thank you so much. Thank you. And thank you, Elijah. All right. We will move on to item number 11. Inspector Morata? Did I say it right? Morata. And Anthony Lewis? We have all parties for item number 11 for the property located at 2610 J Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Sorry, I was just going to say go ahead. Take it away. Matter of agenda item 11 case number 24 dash 14743 property owner is 2610 J Street LLC property addresses 2610 J Street Sacramento parcel number 00701050040000. Today's date is April 9th, 2025. I'm Ludwig Morata, Housing and Dangerous Buildings Building Inspector for the City of Sacramento. Case opened April 7th, 2024. It is currently open. On April 11th, 2024, I arrived on site at the Fourplex apartment building to follow up on a complaint regarding work without a permit. Upon arrival, I observed that the stairs located at the rear of the building had been replaced. Records indicated no permits issued for such work. Previous permits issued for window replacement are now expired with no building final approval signed off. Today, I requested a preliminary letter to be sent to the property owner on file. Pictures of the stairway have been attached to this hearing packet. May 3rd, 2024, I received a phone call from the property owner Tony, who stated that he received a preliminary letter. During the phone call, it was explained the nature of my visit to the property as well as the reason for the preliminary letter. I explained to Tony that the stairs do not meet the minimum building code requirements for fall protection and hand railing. The property owner stated that he will work on hiring an architect to submit plans to the Planning Department. May 24th, 2024, I received an email from the property owner stating that he hired an architect and expected plans to be completed within three to four weeks. July 10th, 2024, a one-month extension was provided for the planning submittal to be complete. October 25th, 2024, records indicated no Excel activity since August 26th. The timeframe allowed has exceeded the allowed time to legalize the unapproved stairs. Today, I issued a historic notice and order. Cloud and Tidal were also requested at this time. The costs of the notice and order are being appealed here today. As of March 6th, 2025, HDB permit number COM-2504446 is currently in cycle one awaiting tech review. Total cost being appealed today is $1,877.50. As pendant cloud was properly recorded at the property, properly recorded at the Sacramento County Assessor's Office on November 27th, 2024, the property owner was contacted prior to the issuance of the notice and order. Preliminary letter was sent April 11th, 2024. Notice and order was sent to the property owner listed on the current title report on October 28th, 2024, and was effectively served on November 4th, 2024 by substitute service. Notice and order was not appealed. The appellant has received information being presented this evening. Staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $1,877.50 for the notice and order on the property known as 2610 J Street, parcel number 007-01-0500-4000. Thank you. All right. Mr. Lewis. I'm Tony Lewis, property manager for the 2610 LLC of property ownership. So, yeah, I guess first of all, we want to say that no issues as far as, you know, making the repairs on the stairs. There's a second item that came up that caused some delays in the project. It was windows. It's a historical Victorian property that needs these upgrades in order to meet the compliance. So, yeah, back in April, we were made aware of the issue on the stairs with Mr. Morata. We immediately engaged Comstock Johnson architects to provide their services with drawings, basically to work with the city and move the thing forward as quickly as we could. So we went ahead with that process. And then in October of this year, we did get construction drawings plans that were all approved by the city ready to move forward. And we would have completed the stair project at that time. Well, then what happened is we were made aware of the windows that also needed to be replaced because they didn't meet the historical requirements for that property. So that stopped us on the stair project. We found out from the city that we couldn't move forward with the stair project until the window project was submitted as well. So this was in October. We immediately went forward with the window project. Same group. It's Comstock Johnson architects. We've spent significant sums with them to get it to go forward. And we submitted those plans in October. And then there was no response from the city for about six weeks. We lost a good amount of time in this effort. In the meantime, on December 2nd, we received the notice in order for the eighteen hundred seventy seven dollars and it was for delays in the process. So we've kind of felt like we've made our best efforts to move it forward, to get the thing done as quickly as we could to comply with everything as far as the city goes. That amount subsequently went up to twenty two hundred and fifty three dollars because we didn't pay it by January 2nd. So our issue is we feel like we've tried our best to move the project forward. We feel that the delays with the city internally have cost us that time, which ultimately led to this fee that is being requested to be paid. We've got some verification. I can pass this out just via emails, which it was an email from Sean Darcy, Sean D'Courcy, I'm sorry, who said Thanksgiving break. Basically, our project was not assigned to a planner internally. This is when we lost that time frame and subsequently we received the notices. So anyway, we don't think that's that's correct. And that's why we're appealing the eighteen hundred actually twenty two hundred dollar fine at this point. Well, just where the appeal today is only eighteen seventy seven. Well, it says if it's not paid by the second of January, it jumps up to twenty two fifty three. I've got to pass these out. No, you can address that, Leah. So that's the so today we are only addressing the eighteen seventy seven. So our request would be to remove that the and then also there is a lien that's been placed on the property. We'd like that taken off as well. And then just as a side note, I know this doesn't impact what we're talking about right now, but we've already as far as compliance with the city and fees that we've already paid. There was a site plan design and review. We paid fifty four hundred thirty three dollars. That was back in November. There's a three hundred and eighty dollar monitoring fee that we paid at the end of January of this year. Just kind of in good faith because we understand there's some costs involved to monitor our project. Let's see. Then we paid a rental housing inspection. I think this is an annual inspection that was one hundred and twenty dollars in February of this year. And then most recently there was a plan review fee of eight hundred and fifty one dollars. We paid that March twelve. That's for the. Oh, I'm sorry. Can you hear me? Anyway, that's for the windows. We're in, I guess, the building department right now on the windows. As soon as that gets approved, we're going to go forward with the whole thing. So as soon as you were informed, I'm assuming it wasn't the inspector here that informed you about the windows. It was the planning department. I'm not sure. Yeah, it was it was it was it you or if it was listed on the initial violation list, the windows were listed on the initial violation list. No, it was an expired permit. It was stairs. And then when we got ready to pull permits for the stairs, we were ready to go. That came up at the eleventh hour. I'm not sure who reported it or found out about it, but that was that was not until like October when we found out about the windows. So, Mr. Chairman, if you don't mind, I can speak to this point. There is situations when you're dealing with the historical buildings that we can actually send them in there for one item. But the historical preservation people are very, very concerned about looking at what's going on with that structure. They may make a site visit themselves as part of their work. And if that's how it happened, they saw the situation with the windows. They are definitely going to make note of that. And they will hold up a permit in case you know, you've got to put it all at one time. However, from looking at the case, the notice in order is essentially other than the modern fee is all that we've assessed. So apparently we've taken in account that planning and historical is not the easiest process to get through. And we were not penalizing you with admin penalties during the process. But what I think Ludwig is speaking of is that you had a initial point to get it started to submit it originally. Is that how we got to the notice in order? Correct. OK, so that's how that's how. Other than can I ask are there any additional fees for monitoring that you are issuing? They are. He already paid them. The monitoring. One. One. OK. But our monitoring fees paused right now while you're waiting for. Yes. OK. And we could apply them even while we're waiting. I mean. I know. But it's like we're still going out there. But when we see when we see the progress and we see something happen, we're not penalizing like he thinks. That I get. OK, so to be clear on the on the eighteen hundred dollars, what is that for? That's merely the cost of the notes in order to say you have to do this. So the moment we have to put that in a notice in order and send it to you officially with first class mail, those fees is not like a penalty and a fine. It's just a fee for the cost of the notes in order in the process. So what would that notice in order when we've complied in every way with the city all the way through as quickly as we can? Why was that given? Well, if you if you did that, just saying it clearly, we wouldn't be there unless there was a problem. We only go to situations where there's already an existing problem. I think what he's saying is if you would have pulled a permit to do the stairs the first time instead of repairing them without a permit, there wouldn't have been a fee. That's why when they saw the stairs. He gave you time before he actually grace grace period gave you quite a grace period before he even. Yeah, I feel like if we would have had the permits in hand on the stairs, we would not have received this eighteen hundred dollar fee. I think you're correct. Yeah, but it got stopped because of the windows and the historic planning. You still should be you still should obtain a permit prior to work starting. Yeah, that's not the case. Any questions? Do I have a recommendation? I will recommend staffs recommendation. Excuse me. I'll make a motion to recommend staffs. Sorry. Recommendation that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of one thousand eight hundred seventy seven dollars fifty cents for the notice and order on the property known as two six one zero J Street Sacramento. APN number zero zero seven zero one zero five zero zero four zero zero zero zero. Thank you. And tablion. Yes. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. Hi. The board found in favor of the city of Sacramento. However, I will say I would say one of the biggest reasons we probably did is the fact that it's been a year and I understand that you went through the process. But we also have to evaluate we're required to evaluate whether the costs this department for the city did to inspect the original stairs was was fair. I will say if you are continuing to get a monitoring fee, I would have recommended that those be paused or stopped or waived. But since this is the one time fee for the for the entire process, the board did find in favor of the city. So one question on that is it three hundred and eighty dollars moving forward like every month? They can do that. What is what are we looking at? Yes. So three hundred eighty a month. But no, but I think they said they've stopped it right. Yeah, because I see that it is held up. I did verify with the course. So that's what I'm saying. If they would have actually charged you that three hundred eighty a month, which they were allowed to back all the way through at least October to now, I would have had probably an issue with that. But considering they've only charged you the one fee. I mean, it's not but the eighteen hundred now. This is the 18. This is the possibility of another one of those coming another eighteen hundred dollar fee. Is that no, no, no admin penalties. There could be upwards of a thousand. Yes. Say you drop the ball on not keeping the ball, keeping it moving forward on your. That's going to happen because I'm in charge of it. So the three hundred and eighty dollar fee then, just so I'm clear, we should not expect another one of those or are we going to get that? It's pending, depending on, you know, if progress if you keep moving forward. I can explain to you this way. I can explain to you this way. The three hundred eighty dollar fee is is we are supposed to do that as long as you're without the permit. That's mandated by city council. But what he's saying is, is that we will take everything in consideration. But the moment the ball is in your hand, meaning it comes back from planning or preservation, whatever saying you have to do something, then that's time restraint. If you don't actually comply within a timely manner, then we will revert back to either a monitoring fee or an administrative fee. Right. In addition, you did the work without a permit initially, which means we could actually quad fee your actual permit when you go to do the permit, because anytime you work without a permit, you've broken the rules. I understand that. So we're being very generous, very lenient. We consider this historical stuff is hysterical. I get it. It's hard. So we always try to consider that. All right. Now, I appreciate that. So the three hundred eighty dollar fee, then, if we get the once we have the permit and as long as we move at that point, everything cease. But we're not going to get the three hundred eighty dollar if there's more delays internally at the city, like we don't have the permit. If it's deemed a good reason, because it could be that the balls in your court and you didn't perform. So you would get that. Yeah, we're definitely pushing ahead. So all right. Thank you. Thank you very much. All right. We're going to hear a case 13 and 14 simultaneously. So that'll be Inspector Carter and the representative. I apologize. Can you I want to make sure I don't want to say it wrong. Do you mind saying your first and last name? Vishwa Gajendra. You can call me Vishwa. Vishwa. Vishwa. Vishwa. Vishwa. Okay. Vishwa. I see. Yeah. Sorry about that. All right. She will swear you in. Can I have all parties for the property for items number 13 and 14 for the property located at five nine eight one Slayer Circle? Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth? I do. Yes. All right. Inspector Carter. Go ahead. Item number 13 number two four dash zero two three one eight nine property owner is Vishwa. And the Gajendra Mamina property address is five nine eight one. So your circle Sacramento California nine five eight two three. Parcel number one one seven zero eight four zero zero two one zero zero zero. Today's date is April 9th. I'm sorry. Yes. Today's date is April 9th. Two thousand twenty five. The case was opened on June 5th. Two thousand twenty four. The current case is now closed on June 17th. Two thousand twenty four. I went to the property and spoke with one of the tenants who confirmed that something was constructed in the backyard of the property. On June 17th, two thousand twenty four. I went to the property and spoke with one of the tenants who confirmed that something was constructed in the backyard but didn't offer any other information and stated that they didn't feel comfortable with me performing an inspection at the time. I left my card with her to give to her husband for a return call. I took elevation photos and sent a preliminary letter to the owner. On July 29th, two thousand twenty four. I met with the tenant at the property for a scheduled inspection. There is a 16 by 16 foot gazebo constructed in the backyard with the working electrical outlets and lighting fixtures. He asked what needed to be done to legalize the gazebo. I told him there will need to be an application and plan submitted to the city's building department for a building permit. He then said he will be submitting everything soon. On September 23rd, two thousand twenty four. As a 30 day inspection, I've had no contact from an owner, no permit or application was submitted or issued. The structure still existed at the property. I took front elevation photos. I requested a notice and order be issued on the property. The notice and order fees are being appealed here today. On September 27th, two thousand twenty four, I spoke with the property owner who said that he has not spoken with the tenant about the gazebo in the backyard and was unaware that it was built without a permit. He said he will be speaking with the tenant about removing it or acquiring a permit and getting back to me next week. On November 1st, two thousand twenty four, I'm a 30 day inspection. There has been no contact from the owner or tenant. No one appeared to be home. I left my card on the front door. I was unable to see the backyard structure because of a tree blocking the view of the backyard. I requested a monitoring fee be issued. I'm sorry. I requested a monitoring fee to be issued, which is also being appealed here today. On November 15th, two thousand twenty four, I received a call from the property manager saying that the structure was removed weeks ago. Later that day, I met with the property manager at the home. The unpermitted structure had been completely removed. No other violations were visible. I took elevation photos and the case was then closed. The notice in order costs are one thousand three hundred and sixty dollars. The other cost is a monitoring fee of three hundred and eighty dollars for a total cost of one thousand seven hundred and forty dollars. Staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the charges of item 13 of one thousand three hundred sixty dollars for the notice in order invoice number. CDD CH two zero five nine zero on the property known as five nine eight one. So your circle in Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three APN number one one seven zero eight four zero zero two one zero zero. And staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the charges of item number fourteen three hundred and eighty dollars for the monitoring fee invoice number CDD CHC two zero eight three eight. So your circle in Sacramento, California, nine five eight two three APN number one one seven zero eight four zero zero two one zero zero. Thank you. All right. Go ahead, sir. Yes, sir. So, yes, I was unaware of the property at the time that I received a notice of order, which I had no idea of immediately following that I called Mr. Jeremiah. Once I called him, he said, well, there is a structure at the back. I tried getting hold of the what he called the tenant. And actually, I did eventually in that notice, it said I have a 60 days to remove the structure or get a permit. And my understanding there would be a 60 day follow up. I didn't realize it's going to be a 30 day follow up. That's one of the thing. The other thing is that as soon as I contacted the property tenant, the tenants said, well, I'll acquire the permit. But nevertheless, he never did. Within 15 days, he said, I'm going to remove the structure. So within that 15 days or within that 30 day, a little bit within the 30 day time period, he actually removed the structure. I was physically there. The structure was removed. So at that time, I also gave a notice to the tenant because he is actually, you know, didn't build that without my knowledge. So the tenant actually accepted the notice and he actually moved out of the property at that time as well. So those are the two things that had happened. And that's why I'm actually contesting the amounts. The time when I received it, which I was unaware of that structure immediately following the awareness of the structure, it was fully removed. And also the follow up, I was unaware that there was going to be a 30 day follow up when in the letter it said 60 days. So those are the two differences that I had. So I will say in looking at this, on June 17th, the inspector and somebody correct me if I'm wrong. On June 17th, the inspector sent you the preliminary letter on June 17th is what I'm reading here. So then the 60 days, I imagine, would have started somewhere around then. And then the inspector did not issue the notice in order until September 23rd, which was more than 90 days. Does that sound right? So it sounds like they may have come back out to inspect in 30 days, but they didn't issue your notice in order for 90 days, which is 30 days past that 60 day mark. No, the 60 day was on the September 24th notice of order. So the notice in order, maybe what I'm saying is they actually sent you a preliminary letter to the owner letting you know of the violation on June 17th. Probably they did, but probably they had sent it to my what do you call Sacramento office, Sacramento House. And I never received that. Are you registered with the rental housing inspection program? And they are. They actually have my 777 Lilline Drive. Is that the correct address? Sorry. Yes. Okay. I'll ask the board if they have any questions. Yes. Jeremiah, do you guys have the copy of where the notice was mailed to in the return receipt? It's 777. Notice of order. Foster City, California. Is that your correct address? That is correct. And the notice of order I did receive. I'm not contesting that. At the time when I received the notice, I did not receive the preliminary notice. I received the notice of order for sure. Okay. Okay. Supervisor Pearson, the preliminary notice is a courtesy. So it's a courtesy. If it didn't get to you, it's unfortunate, but it's a courtesy if one was mailed out to you. The city doesn't have to mail one to you. It's a courtesy that one goes out. It was sent in the same address. And as Supervisor Pearson has just stated, a courtesy notice was sent out, whether you received it or not, in your hands, it's a different issue. But Supervisor Pearson is saying that they have the receipt stamped that it went out and was delivered to you. Correct? The preliminary notice is not a receipt. It's just first class mail. First class mail. My mistake. Because we would have to put a cloud on the property if we sent it out in certified mail. So we only send the preliminary letter first class. Thank you. Thank you for that correction. So to your point, hold on, let's make sure our folks are okay. We don't want you to die on camera. Getting nervous about your decision. But so to that, as was stated by the chair, it was post 90 days? It was more than 90 days. The notice of order when it said 60 days to remove the structure, the notice of order which I received on 9-24, I complied with that immediately receiving that. I mean, I was within that 60 day window. We're all clear on that. What it's maybe jiving with you, maybe not jiving with you, the understanding is two things. One, as soon as the structure was removed, should have been reported to the city, hey, it's gone. So now we deal with it. The city and yourself would have dealt with it. You didn't reach out to the city after the city had already contacted you in person and said, hey, there's an issue with that structure. So once the structure was removed, you didn't take the step to contact the city to let the city know the structure is now no longer there? In fact, I did. I did, I mean, the time when actually the tenants moved out, I did the inspection. I told the property owner to call the city. I did tell the city. I mean, that's what Jeremiah is saying, that the property manager actually called in and told him that the structure was removed weeks ago. I did make a point of making sure that the property manager reaches out to him immediately. And from that, so that's where you weren't able to meet with the property manager? Yes. So from on September 23rd was when the notice in order was issued on September 23rd. I hadn't when I went back out on because I was just in that area, you know, inspecting another home, I drove by and then I actually spoke with the property owner on September 27th. And he that's when he told me that he was going to be speaking with the with the tenant about getting either a permit or having the having the gazebo removed. And then that was that was the first time that I had spoken with the actual property owner. That's why I have been dealing with the with the tenant. Thank you. And that's what it wasn't jiving for me because I think. And that's what I actually I reached out to him twice. I reached out to him once immediately following the receipt for the order that I'll be talking to the tenant. And then I once the tenant actually moved out, I had the property manager reach out to him and meet him over there at the property. So at least he takes the pictures and takes whatever he needed to do. Right. November 15th. But again, going back to November 1st. Excuse me. Yes. According to what Jeremiah just stated, after September 27th, the conversation with yourself and the tenant. The tenant I had not received a call from the tenant or anyone stating that the people have been removed in that time. The tree in the backyard that was that kind of had grown. It was, you know, leafy during that time, the season. So I wasn't able to see if there was anything that had been removed or if the structure was still there. So that's why. If I may. But the fact that you went on November the 1st, whether it was removed or not, when you went to the site, you can assess a monitoring, if you're correct. Yes. So the monitoring fee is reasonable, whether the gazebo was removed by November the 1st or not. When you went to assess the property, that monitoring fee is assessed at the time of your visit. Yes. Thank you. But he was in the proximity. He didn't go to visit that site. He was in the proximity. He just wanted to see if it was removed. I think the bigger issue is you've mentioned September 23rd is when they issued the notice and order. That's when the fee was issued. They gave you 90 days before that with the preliminary letter to let you and the tenant know to take care of it. So in those 90 plus days, nothing happened. So that's when they issued you the fee. So whether you would have done it one day after that letter or 60 days after that letter, you're still issued that fee because they gave you three months to fix an issue. That's why you got the letter is when they sent you the first letter on June 17th. They asked you, please fix this problem. And I only know that because I've received the letter myself. I get these letters, sadly, more than I want to get them. In fact, I would have actually would have been honest case if I would have received it. I mean, very similar to this one. I mean, the notice of order, the time when I received it immediately following that. I mean, you can ask your. I get that, but they are showing that they did send it to your 777 address in June and they sent it to your tenant. And I will say I have I've assessed my tenant the fees when they do things that the city has asked them to do and they won't. I get your tenant has moved out. It's up to you to pursue after that. But at least in my opinion, it's been 90 days. And that's when he issued the notice in order. Any other questions from the board? Are there any other? Yes. Only thing is that I really hope I mean, since he I've reached out to him a couple of times. Right. I mean, basically he was in the proximity and stopping by the property. He was not going to see the property. And I've actually called him. I think that those fees should be waived. I mean, that's that's what much quest is. What fees should be waived? I mean, even notice of order. Right. I mean, well, the notice of order is the violation. I think what you're saying is the three hundred eighty dollar site secondary site visit. Yeah, fair enough. Fair enough. I'll take that. So what you were just saying, by happenstance, he came by and since he couldn't verify the structure had been removed, he Jeremiah submitted the monitoring fee. But what you're correct me if I'm wrong. I believe what you're stating is he was not required to come out that day that he came. He just happened to be driving by, saw it, and then you have the monitoring fee and you're asking that that fee go away simply because he wasn't assigned to come out that day. Not only that, they can't. I mean, I respect the building inspectors and they they can stop by any time. That's not my issue. My issue is it was removed at the time. Right. I mean, it was removed immediately following that and right following that the tenant moved out. So gotcha. And the tenant moved out when and moved out on November the 10th or November the 10 time period is because that's when I met the property management and I asked them to call Jeremiah immediately. I think it was November 14th when you went went there. I don't recall the date because on about November 10th day that they moved out. Yeah, 15th 50 days after the initial contact after five months days from June. Now you see our point. Yeah, I know. I totally get it. But unfortunately, I wasn't able to. Well, OK, let's let's figure it. That is fine. If we can remove that three hundred eighty dollars, that'll be great. The monitoring fee was issued in November, correct? That's when he was not. So so the monitoring fee was November the 1st, which means now he had the notion order in September. Sixty days approximately later is when the monitoring fee. He said that the tenant didn't move out to like after that monitoring fee. So he said he removed it after soon after the tenant and move up. So that was a valid visit and monitoring fee on 111. It's valid that the item was still there. No, no, no. And it was nearly 60 days after he got the notice and order, which is again even more days after he got the preliminary at the same address. So I'm not sure what he's arguing as far as the monitoring fee. It still existed. And it wasn't it was November the 1st that he came by. He didn't. It wasn't the random time that he happened to be in the neighborhood. He made a visit there almost 60 days after you got the notion order. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Notice the folder I got September 24th. September. October. And he came November 1st. Yes, which is before the 60 day notice. OK, Supervisor building inspector. There is not a 60 day time limit on it. The notice in order says that you must commence work within 30 day to permit and commence work within 30 days and complete the work within 60 days. OK, you're after 30 days of the notice in order. We are perfectly within our right to issue a monitoring fee, which we do. We reschedule another inspection at 30, approximately 31 days. Jeremiah was out there on November 1st, which I have pictures. He took pictures of the front of your house and it was about 35 days after the notice in order. You received the notice. So it fell within our legal timeline to do the work or to monitor the property. So I'll tell you what he has. We've already talked about item number 13. Let's go ahead and rule on item 13 before we move on to 14. Let's get that one out of the way. I have a motion for 13. Yes, Mr. Chair. I move that the board accept the staff recommendation confirming the total charge for item 13 of $1,360 for the notice in order. Invoice number CDDC HC20590 on the property known as 5981 Sawyer Circle, Sacramento, California 95823. APN number 117084002100. Second. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. All right. So we're going to go ahead and move on to item 14. So 13 is done. So we have ruled in favor for the city for the $1,360 for the notice in order. We'll move on to item 14. Is there any other questions from the board or any other? Okay. Do I have a motion for then item 14? Yes, Mr. Chair. I move that the board accept the staff recommendation confirming the total charge of item 14 of $380 for the monitoring fee invoice CDDC HC20838. Second. On the property known as 5981 Sawyer Circle, Sacramento, California 95823. APN number 117084002100. Sorry about that. Second. And Tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. All right. So again, the board did find in favor for the city. However, again, I think it was the amount of days. I would recommend as soon as you get one of those letters to reply within the first 30 days. We do you will get the final ruling in the mail and you can also make a payment plan on that if you would like. Thank you. All right. We will move on to item number 15, housing and dangerous building case cost recovery uncontested. What? Is that what I said? 15? The following lines shall be heard as blanket items. The city staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge noted by each agenda line for the expenses incurred by the city in the enforcement of the provisions of the housing code and or a dangerous building code with respect to the property known by the physical address and or parcel number, APN, as noted within each agenda line for item line numbers 1 through 52 and the number of items listed in the I was surprised how small there were. All right. I think we're going to move on to item number 15, housing and dangerous building. We do have a motion to approve item number 15, housing and dangerous building. I think we're going to move on to item number 15, housing and dangerous building. I was surprised how small there were. All right. Sorry. Do we have a motion? So move. I'll second. I'll see if I can see the digital version. And tablion? Yes. Did I make the motion? Did somebody second? Oh, I lost track. Sorry. Yes. Yes. Boyd. Aye. All right. Moving on to the next item, which I'm assuming is 16. Oh, there we go. Election of chair and vice chair. Is that even possible? Because oh, yeah. So I just can't say it would have to be the two of you. One of you would have to serve as one and one of you would have to serve as the other because I was going to say this is going to be quick and easy. And I'd like to make a motion that Brandon Fisher be chair. I'll second. And tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. Did you forget who was here? I move that Mary Boyd will serve as vice chair. I just realized if I abstained, I could stay another month. Stay another month. Continue. All right. I was joking for the record. Yeah. I second. Did I not? Sorry. Okay. And tablion? Yes. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. Board comments, ideas or questions? Any? Yes. What? What? Let me guess. Was is my auctioneering? I talked about the board. I heard some laughter from the audience. through all of this, no, I'm commenting on you guys' efforts to get through with this. I would like to recommend that maybe we reduce it by one for the next. Well, we did have a. By one, like maybe one less, I would love to get out of here after three hours, so if possible, like that was a lot. We did have a reschedule, so. Okay, so don't. Yeah. Don't add to it then, principal. Any other comments or questions? Yes, principal building inspector Cosley, we do, the board does appreciate your comment, and we are here to drive money for the city as you guys want us to do. That last statement was just a comedy joke. I tried not to say anything, but sometimes I have. That was levity, folks, that was levity. The second part of lessons. Thank you, guys. Thank you, all right. Thank you, madam attorney. That will conclude this hearing. All right. We made it. ["Dreams of a New World"] ["Dreams of a New World"]