An appeals board will now come to order. The board consists of five members who are not employees of the city. The board is an impartial decision maker. The board is appointed by the mayor with approval of the city council. Your board members are myself, Brandon Fisher, the chair. We also have Mr. Entablian, Mr. Ahmad, Mr. Boyd, and Mr. Taylor. I also like to introduce Leah Billings, secretary to the board, Peter Lemos, the board's code and housing enforcement chief, Bo Cosley, principal building inspector, and our vendor car, counsel to the board. I'm now gonna ask the secretary to call the roll. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Entablian? Here. Ahmad? Here. Please rise for the opening acknowledgments in honor of the Sacramento's indigenous people and tribal lands. To the original people of this land, the Nisenan people, the southern Maydo Valley and Plains Miwok, Patwin Wintong peoples, and the people of the Wilton Rancheria, Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe. May we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside us today on these ancestral lands by choosing to gather today in the active practice of acknowledgement and appreciation for Sacramento's indigenous peoples' history, contributions, and lives. Thank you. Let us now do the Pledge of Allegiance. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. Thank you, you may be seated. I would now like to explain the reason for this hearing tonight. Items two through 10, we are here to consider the expenses incurred by the city in the notice and order and the repair, demolition, or securing of any building or structure done in the housing and dangerous buildings cases before us, together with any protests or objections. The question here is are the fees, cost, or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? This board may revise, correct, or modify the proposed charges as we deem just. Once this board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges. Any written protest or related information received have been forwarded to us for consideration in our decision. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. Our decision will be forwarded to the city council for determination whether this hearing was conducted in accordance with city code. This evening, each item will be called in order of those requesting to speak unless staff or board members request otherwise. The owner representative should state their name and address and explain the nature of their appeal. Please be concise in your appeal. The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case, including the recommendation, and then the owner can respond. Item number one, approval of minutes from June 11, 2025. Is there a motion? Yeah, I'll make a motion. I'll second. Fisher? Yes. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. We'll now call item number two, Daniel Lother, 6125 Riverside Boulevard, Bradley Carroll. The secretary will swear you in and then we will start with the city. I second. I can have all parties for item number two for the property at 6125 Riverside Boulevard. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Mr. Lother? Good evening. We're here for item number two, case number 24-036756. Property owners, GNSL LLC, property address is 1625 Riverside Boulevard, Sacramento, California 95831. Case was opened on September 9th, 2024, and the case is currently still open. On September 18th of 2024, I arrived at the commercial structure with principal building inspector Cosley and building inspector Martinoni at 6125 Riverside Boulevard to talk to the property owner and his daughter who owns the bar about the complaint of work without a permit. They gave us permission to inspect the interior and exterior. There has been work without a permit performed on the north, south, and east side of the property. The enclosed structure on the south side appears to be attached to the main structure and is now in addition. One structure houses a freezer slash cooler that is unpermitted, that has unpermitted electrical installed. The scope of work is extensive. Scope of work is as follows. Legalize new approximately 30 by 20 awning with electrical festoon lighting, enclosed south patio addition, add carpet, carport cover over the southeast corner of the building with electrical foundation repair, repaired a non-historic section of the building, floor system, repair or rebuild interior walls, increasing two bathrooms and, excuse me, two bathrooms, added more stalls to make an ADA compliant, new electrical, new plumbing, three new mechanical mini splits, removing a window in the non-historic side of, non-historic side, and the removal of the kitchen plumbing faucets to create a back office, create alfresco dining on the north and south side of the building, new 220 electrical for the food trailer on the south side, violations and photos have been downloaded into the electronic case file. September 20, let's see, September 25th, 2025, I had a two hour conversation with Greg over what historical will allow and what needs to be on the plans. He wanted to set up a meeting for Friday at 10 a.m. September 27th, 2024, I arrived to meet Supervising Building Inspector Pearson, Building Inspector Ely, Code Officer Corral, and Public Works on site to meet Greg and Mariah, the owners of the trap, to go over the parcel lines and to give Greg the full direction his designer needs to go with drawing up the plans. January 31st, 2025, I was on site with BI Ely to confirm all violations before sending out the notice in order, as per Peter Lemos. Per the management agreement between the city and Greg, the installation of the electrical and the veneer, or the installation of the electrical and the veneer was to be removed by Friday the 31st and was not. Per Chief Lemos and PBI Cosley, I am requesting the historic notice in order letter be sent out, which was not appealed, but the fees are being appealed here tonight, along with the termination fee. I also requested a cloud be placed on the property at the time of issuing the notice in order letter. As of August 5th, 2025, there have been four submittal attempts and none have been accepted to start cycle one review. The property is now on litigation against the city. Staff recommends that the board confirm the total charges of $1,550 for the notice in order and the work performed by the city on the property known as 6125 Riverside Boulevard, Sacramento, California, 95831 APN 0290010013000. I've also included the violation list, the case photos, and permit history. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Chair, do you mind if I make a quick comment before the other side? So I just wanted just to point out real quick that as noted in the last part here, it says the notice in order was not appealed. So the only reason I'm mentioning is we've gone through, we've had an opportunity to go through the appeal, and there's a lot of reference to things that may not be subject because we can't hear. If it was for the notice in order, that would be to determine whether the owners of the building and the structures in the case before us have violated. We're not here to see that today. Today we're just here to consider the expenses incurred by the city. I just wanna make sure that we keep it to that specifically. Thank you. Thank you, Ms. Ental and Mr. Carroway. Thank you, board members. Thank you for your time tonight and for your service on this board. I'm here this evening on behalf of my client, G and S-L-L-C, LLC. That's the owner of the real estate on which the historic trap bar sits. I'm here with my client representatives, a true champion of our city, Greg Lukenbill, and his daughter, Mariah Lukenbill, who owns the trap. On behalf of my client, I'm respectfully requesting tonight that you reject the costs and fees levied against G and S-L-L-C or at a minimum, hold those costs and fees in abeyance until final resolution of the ongoing dispute that's in litigation between the city and the trap. So I am gonna confirm, and I think you said, Mr. Ental, that you received the items that we submitted yesterday, okay. So I'm not gonna belabor all the points in the letter, but I just wanna hit a few points here. As you know, the trap's a historic building. It's been designated a historic building by the city of Sacramento. And part of the information I'm gonna give you is background on where we get to where we are today. I understand we're not appealing the notice in a way or we're not appealing the notice in order, but some of the background here is necessary to explain why we're in the position we're in. So in 2009, the city designated the site a historic landmark. In 2010 and 2011, the city issued two grants and developed, created, and approved plans to make improvements to the trap, to bring it up to code so that it wouldn't be demolished after its historical status had been granted. Some work was done on the trap, including putting on a new roof structure and composite roofing, which was on the plans, but almost all of the other work that was on the plans to be done was not actually completed. Nevertheless, the city signed off and finaled the improvements in the plan with all disciplines signing off mechanical, electrical, building, plumbing on September 23rd, 2011. When my clients purchased the property in 2022, they immediately noticed the issues that had arisen. So the roof was put on and it was already bowing and sinking. The building was not level and was sinking in places because there was not a foundation on the property, which should have been dealt with according to the plans. The other items related to ADA, bathrooms, things like that were also on the plans, but were not done. So my client, when it bought the property, did work that had been approved by the plans and finaled by the city, even though they were never actually completed. During that timeline, my client was in discussions with the city and the county about getting permits that he needed for various improvements they wanted to do to the property beyond the originally approved work under the plans. When the inspection happened in September 2024, my client's reaction was, well, let's get a permit. I didn't understand that a permit was necessary because this work had already been approved, but let's go ahead and get a permit now. The response was the notice in order. Ultimately, after it's now been nearly a year that my client has been trying to get plans in, because of the dispute with the city and the litigation, he's been assigned a project manager. We're making good progress. We're hopeful the permits are ultimately gonna get issued, but we're not there yet, and so we're still in the dispute with the city. After he had been frustrated with the issues for so long, my client was able to schedule a meeting at the trap with community development director Tom Pace. At that meeting, my client understood and followed up with a email that he had reached an agreement with Mr. Pace that he would address issues with the traps food trailer, and again, those issues aren't before here at all because those issues were totally resolved with code enforcement, that my client would submit new building plans and that the fees and costs related to these issues would be canceled. So Mr. Luganbill sent an email confirming that issue. Unfortunately, the city has not canceled the fees that are before you today, and in the meantime, this situation with the city has continued. There was an attempted, my clients have submitted a government claim to the city. There was an attempted shutdown of the trap that we believe to be in retaliation for making a government claim against the city. The Sacramento Superior Court, Judge Jennifer Rockwell lifted that attempted shutdown by the city. It's currently under a stay, and the bar is open by order of the court, but today the trap still finds itself in this permitting and planning saga that's a result of those actions that go all the way back to 2010 and 2011, and if the city had followed the agreement that my clients made with Tom Pace, we would not be here today. It was my client's understanding there had been an agreement to remove those fees. So GNSLLC should not be charged these notice and order costs that are ultimately a result of the city's own actions dating all the way back to 2011. At a minimum, I ask that because these fees are part of the ongoing dispute with the city, that you hold the fees in abeyance and let this get worked out in the courts, and at the end of the day, finally, on behalf of my clients, they would actually like, if any of you would like to come, they extend an invitation to the trap so you can come out and see the situation. We have pictures that show the situation the building was in with no foundation when my clients bought it, and they've now done a lot of work to bring it up to so that these issues aren't there anymore, but we're just stuck in this saga with trying to get the permitting done, and while we're working through that, we ask that these fees be rejected and canceled. Thank you, Mr. Carroll. Any questions from the board? Yes, before I ask any questions, does staff attorney for the city have any comments? Yes, good evening, and thank you for your time on this, and thank you, Mr. Carroll, for your comments and for your client for being here tonight. A few comments in response. I just wanted to note for the board that yes, the city is in litigation. Currently with the... Is it possible you can move that just a little closer? Sorry. The city is currently in litigation with the trap regarding another notice in order, not this specific notice in order, and it was regarding one from fire, so there is a difference there, and we are hopeful that that will be resolved, but right now the issue here tonight is this notice in order. Not to get into all of the history, which is appreciated here in the city of Sacramento, and moving forward, I wanted to address the comments made by council regarding a meeting with Tom Pace and the fees on this property. Those specific fees as provided to the board by Mr. Carroll and his client, there is an exhibit D, an email, that discusses those exact fees. However, they relate to planning, and this meeting that was held was in December of 2024. This notice in order did not go out until February of 2025, so the fees weren't even considered. We didn't even know this was gonna happen until later, so I don't know how we could have predicted the future fees coming and waive them ahead of time. That is an issue directly related to the fees that we're dealing with here today. That being said, the city, again, is very hopeful that Mr. Lucanville and his family can figure out the permitting process. I know the city has been trying to help at every step of the way, but here tonight the fees that we're discussing are strictly on this notice in order, not the one that is currently in litigation. I'll end on that, thank you. Thank you, Laura. Okay, now I have a question. Mr. Carroll, right, Carroll, mentioned, I don't know who to ask this question to, whether it's the city attorney or if it's either of you two. Do you have a preference on whether the board makes a decision today, or, because it sounds like he is fine, Mr. Carroll is fine with this being held until the litigation is done. Does the city have a preference of which way, because we've heard how Mr. Carroll's preference is. I will let whoever wants to answer. Our preference would be for the board to make a decision today, as our city attorney mentioned that this litigation isn't concerning this notice in order. So we would like to resolve this notice in order and move on to resolving this case. Okay. If I may, can I clarify a point on that? There's actually, there's two separate litigations. So there's the issue with the fire, that was the, not, there wasn't a fire, but the issue with the fire department that is in litigation, and that's the case where Judge Rockwell issued a stay. The litigation I'm talking about, though, is the government claim that my clients made to the city. That claim is due to either be granted, rejected, or deemed rejected by this Friday, because that's when the 45-day deadline for the city to respond runs out. If the city rejects the claim or deems it rejected because they do not respond, my clients will then be filing their lawsuit that is related to this claim, this notice in order. There's two separate litigations. So technically, if I'm hearing what you said correctly, correct me if I'm wrong, the claim, the lawsuit hasn't been filed yet, though. The government claim has been issued to the city, which is a requirement before you can file a lawsuit. Okay. Once the claim is, if the claim is rejected, they could still do something with it, but if the claim is rejected, a lawsuit will be filed. Okay, so hypothetically, if a lawsuit is filed, and hypothetically, if fees are incurred, that could be wrapped into your request at that point. You mean if fees are incurred on this, they will be wrapped into the lawsuit? Okay, so just before I ask any other questions, sorry, I have lots of questions. Are there any other final comments from either the city attorney or either of you two? No, thank you. Okay. I'm fine moving forward and hearing the rest of the case, then does anybody have a motion that would prefer to stay? Okay. Then at this point, I'm fine moving forward with asking questions on not staying the costs, if that's okay. All right. So then I would like to go into the costs real quick. Sorry, I was reading, as you were referencing, let me just scroll right back up. So on this specifically, I'm reading that it was for, now I heard what you had mentioned specifically about the items that the grant was for, but it appears that this is for the addition of the structure that houses the freezer and cooler and the unpermitted electrical. So was that part of the original grant that you were referencing? The, my mind's probably that person. Some of the work, yes, but I don't, I'm not certain about that issue. Okay. So it just, my opinion here is since the notice and order, we're not allowed to even rule whether the notice and order is, was right or wrong, since that was never appealed. So since we can only go off where the fees accurate in looking at this, and it appears that there are, and again, not contesting, we're not employees of the city, but appears since they weren't contested, that there are code violations, whether or not those were signed off on before or not seems to be in question. So for me, I am still seeing that the city did incur fees and are reasonable within the fees that they have assessed. So I will, any comments on that? Just back to the original issue with, if this is gonna be part of the litigation, we would ask that this be held in abeyance pending the litigation, but I have no further response beyond that. Okay, thank you. I have no further questions, Chair. Mr. Maht, any questions? Okay, all right. Is there a motion? Yeah, I'll make a motion confirming the total charge of the 1550 for the notice and order and work performed by the city on the property known as 6125 Riverside Boulevard, Sacramento, California 95831, APN number 0290010013000. I second. Fisher? Yes. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmad? Yes. So Mr. Carroll, the board has found in favor of the city and you will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail in any next steps that you can take. Thank you, thank you. We now call item number three, 15 Sykes, Inspector Daniel Lother, and, excuse me if I don't say it correctly, Satvir Kaur. All right, please come forward. And the secretary will swear you in. I can have all parties for item number three for the property at 15 Sykes Court. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty or perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lother. Good evening. This is item agenda number three. Case number is 25-002622. Property address is 15 Sykes Court. Case was opened on January 16th of 2025. On January 16th, 2025, I received a 311 call approximately 21, 26 hours for a securement of one front door. I called the officer on site, and she said that the owner and or tenant was going to jail, and there was no keys to lock the door, and they were requesting the securement of the front door. I called great construction to secure. On January 17th, I confirmed the securement and left my info on the door. February 5th, 2025, I approved the K2 for the invoice of the securement. On January 16th, 2025, for changing out the deadbolt and attached the invoice GC13646 to the case notes and close the case. Staff recommends that the board adopts the decision confirming the total charge of $626.33 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 15 Sykes Court, Sacramento, California 95835 APN2010780010000. I've also attached case photographs. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lothar. Ms. Carr. Dear board members, I appreciate the opportunity to address this. Ms. Carr, can you make sure that the green light is on your mic? It's on. Okay, thank you. Yeah, perfect. Thank you. Dear board members, I appreciate the opportunity to address the concerns regarding this case. I would first like to clarify that my husband, Jitinder Ruprai, and me, Satvir Kaur, are the owners on this property and not the tenants. I would also like to clarify that we have not lived on the property in question for about four years now. This incident happened in January. The due date for the bills that were sent were dated March, and we, the owners, were informed of this case in June. That was the first time ever we heard about it. I want to clarify that this issue at hand involves the city, the residents of the property, and the police. It seems unjust to hold us, the owners, accountable for the personal matters of the individuals with whom we have no direct question other than that they are just our tenants. Also, it also came to our attention that they were provided the keys to the new lock without confirming the ownership, right? So what I'm saying is that if they are able to receive the keys under such circumstances, it stands to reason that any fees or expenses incurred due to this incident for their personal issues should be charged directly to them. We should be taken out of this equation. We really appreciate the work that the city does. However, as property owners, we should not have to bear the burden of someone else's actions, the tenants in this case, especially as they are not our dependents or relatives, or we are not their guardians as well either. Therefore, I respectfully request that our names be removed from this case. Thank you for considering our position. Thank you, Mrs. Carr. I'll open it up to the board. I have a question, Mr. Luther? Inspector Luther, right? Is the house registered under the rental housing inspection program? Or maybe you are aware, are you registered with the rental housing inspection while he looks it up? I am not sure. Sorry. So just while he looks it up, the rental housing inspection program is a required program if you have a rental property within the city so that you're registered. So if events like this happen, you are contacted. So if they didn't have a way to contact you because you're not registered, that would be a reason. Go ahead. Right now, it does not show that they are rented. There's no history that pops up that they've actually been registered as a rental. So just so you're aware, the city of Sac, hold on one second, sorry. The city of Sacramento has rules, and this is something that I've learned that's in their code, that they're required for your house's protection to, they cannot leave a house unsecure, unsecure. So they can't leave the house and leave it unlocked. So if they had no way to get ahold of the tenant, I understand in your claim that they could have grabbed the keys, but if they can't get ahold of the tenant and then your name's not registered in the rental housing inspection program, that means they can't get ahold of you either. The house is rented under section eight, I believe, so it should be on some kind, I don't know, it's with the city, and my concern is that if they are going, that means they had the direct contact with the person whom they gave the keys, right? I mean, they should have checked that if they are the owners, for all practical purposes, it could have been a squatter who they gave the keys to, right? I mean, they were not, but it could have been anyone that they gave the keys to. Did I miss something? Did they give the keys to somebody? Yeah, because the issue is that they changed the lock on the front door. Okay. And then they gave those keys to the renters, tenants. So if they are giving the keys to the tenants there, then they should be held responsible. We have no idea what was going on. Now I'm more, oh, sorry, I'm more confused, because I read somewhere that it say that tenants were arrested. I have no idea. So how was the tenant, because the call that, or the information here says that the tenant was being arrested. They obviously took them from the house, arrested them, and then once they secured the property, provided the person that was in the house a copy of the key, whether or not they checked the ID to see if it was them, I don't know. Wait, did you have something? So when we secure a property and we change the locks, we do not provide city keys to anybody. So there is no keys that were given to the tenant who went to jail. There was no actual keys to the house for the officer to lock the door, so the officer requested us to secure the door, which we did, but we do not provide any city locks now to any tenant and or owner of the property. When I go to confirm the securement and I leave my card there, if you can't get in your front door, usually you'll go in your back door, open it, change the lock back out, which we left inside the house, so whatever keys they had originally, they still had access to the same lock, so they didn't have to call a locksmith. So the locks weren't changed, it was just secured? We changed the deadbolt. Changed the deadbolt, but the locking mechanism remained the same, because you used the smart key, most likely. No, we changed the deadbolt itself. We took the old one out, put it together, set it inside. We put our new lock in the door. We have the key. Interesting. Okay, well that changes it a little bit. We also, if there's an additional door in the back or whatever that's keyed, we don't change all of them, so that gives that tenant an opportunity to go through another door that's keyed, that they still have the keys to. So we only do what we need to do at a minimum to secure the property, and if they didn't request us to come open it up, so they got in another way. Okay, so the only other comment that I'll add, Mr. Chairman, is that this is not, again, I mentioned at the last case, I lost the paper, but this is not a notice and order. So all we can talk about here are the fees just, and so the fees, in my opinion, as one board member, this is a contract for the lowest bid with gray construction. And so, in looking at these fees and in sitting on this board, that's actually some of the smallest fees I've ever seen so far, because they can sometimes go up to about $1,000. So I will say, in my opinion, it does appear, again, this sounds to be a tenant issue, and you may want to see if there's an ability to come after the tenant, because they're the ones that left this property unsecured. No further questions. If the individuals in question were to commit any other property crime, that means we will be held responsible for their actions, is that what I'm hearing? Yeah, unfortunately, the way the city code, oh, is that okay? Oh, okay, sorry. The way the city code works is that the owner of the property is ultimately responsible. You wouldn't understand how many cases we hear where homes are turned into pot grows, and that's an illegal action, and all of the damage that's been done to that property by the tenant that the owner selected is responsible, because it's the owner's responsibility to select the tenant, and the city cannot hold the tenant responsible, they have to hold the owner of the property. It's in the codes for the city, I believe, city code, yeah. Oh, go ahead. It's consistent with state law. Oh, state law. The Uniform Housing Code also states that the property owner is ultimately responsible for any damages to their property, and city code mirrors that. So that's why I say I have seen this before, and at times, some of these costs can be passed on because it was a tenant-caused issue. Sorry, back to you, Chair. It seems very unfortunate. It's like we are law-abiding citizens, and we pay taxes, we do everything, and still we have, we are. Well, again, like I said, it's not, if it was my property, I would be seeking retribution from the tenant. This is something that they left the house, the city had to come and do it, and it was because of their actions or inactions that caused that. So you would probably want to either seek your rental agreement or what you have with them, but it sounds like they caused this, quote unquote, damage to the property. We can't advise you, but we've heard of that happening where tenants can be passed down the cost. One more comment, if you don't mind. Just to let you know that we are required, the police cannot leave your property open to the public when they're there, so we're required to secure it, but you also have to consider that if we did leave the property open, you could incur even more damage to your property, so it's really a service. Unfortunately, you're responsible. I totally appreciate that. That is really appreciable that you guys do that, that's securing our property. So I don't have any question about what city's doing, or they did their job, what they were supposed to do, what the police were supposed to do, law enforcement. That is all, we appreciate that, so thank you for that. My only thing was that we should not be involved in this, we should not be included in this, our name should be taken out, so that was all. My case was that. Thank you. Any other questions from the board? If not, we'll have a motion. Oh yes, oh yeah. I recommend confirming the total charge of $626.33 for the work performed by the city on property known as 15 Sykes Court, Sacramento, California, 95835, APN number 201-078-001-000000. I second. Fisher? Yes. And Tablion? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. So Mrs. Carr, the board has found in favor of the city, you'll receive a formal notification of our decision in the mail and any next steps that you can take. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. And thank you for your service. No problem, thank you. Item number four, Inspector Paul Lovato, 4516 11th Avenue, owner, Kaipa? Singh? Are they present? What? Okay. All right, so we'll have, Inspector Lovato, can you just read it into record and then we'll have a motion. Can I also just request that let it be brief since they're not here? Please. You ready for me? Agenda item number four, case number 17. I'm sorry, Mr. Lovato, we had to swear you in. Can I have all parties for item number four for the property located at 4516 11th Avenue? Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lovato. So agenda item number four, case number 17-025848. This for the property address 4516 11th Avenue, Sacramento, California 95820. Parcel number 014 025 2008 0000. Today's August 13th, 2025. My name is Paul Lovato, building inspector with Housing and Dangerous Buildings. This case opened November 21st, 2017, and the current case status is open. Now the case chronology and background, more or less, the owner has been remodeling his house since 2017. I got the case because he was working without a permit. Since 2017, he has pulled continuous permits, still working on his house. When a permit expires, I usually give him 30 days to pull a new permit. If he does not pull the permit in 30 days, I send a penalty out, which is the reason why this penalty was sent out back in November. So on November 15th, 2024, at 1.30 p.m., I arrived at the single-family residence to take photos, update the case files, and send the 9th level C administrative penalty of $1,000 in Housing and Dangerous Buildings monitoring fee for the willful disregard of orders or notices of violations issued by a city agency or commission authorized to issue such orders or notices in failure to comply with the notice and order. This is the fee that is being appealed here today. The total cost is $380, because it's just for the monitoring fee. And staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 4516 11th Avenue, Sacramento, California 95820, with a parcel number 014-025-2008-0000. Thank you. Thank you, Inspector Malabato. Any questions? Go ahead. All right, motion. I make a motion confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by a city on the property known as 4516 11th Avenue, Sacramento, California 95820, APN number 014-025-2008-0000. I second. Fisher? Yes. Entablion? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. Thank you, Inspector Malabato. Items five, six, and seven will be heard together but voted separately, I believe. Inspector Ariane Gilderslee, 5561 48th Street, and Jo Tran, Jacqueline Lu, and Joanne Tran. The secretary will spare you in, and then the city will begin. I can have all parties for item number five for the property located at 5561 48th Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Thank you. Thank you. Inspector Gilderslee. Agenda items five, six, and seven, case number 25-001034, property owned by the property owner. Next Gen Investment Group, LLC. Property address located at 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California, 95820, process number 022-0273-012-0000. Again, my name is Ariane Gilderslee, building inspector for the city of Sacramento. Case opened on January 11th, 2025. The case is currently closed. On January 13th, 2025, I arrived for an initial inspection for non-working electrical equipment in a duplex home. I met with the tenant who allowed me to inspect the home. I observed an extension cord being used to distribute power to another area of the house. The kitchen contained several non-working outlets. The garage washer outlet was inoperable as well. I took photos of the conditions. I requested a preliminary letter to be sent out. February 18th, 2025, I arrived for a 30-day inspection. The property owner or representative didn't contact me regarding the preliminary letter, and there were no building permits issued. Photos were taken. I requested a notice in order, cloud and title report, which is being appealed this evening. March 27th, 2025, I arrived on site for a 30-day inspection. The property representative hasn't contacted me. There were no issued building permits. Photos were taken. I requested the first monitoring fee, which is also being appealed this evening. The property manager, Tara Morla, emailed me in April of 2025. Tara stated the tenant hasn't been cooperative. However, electrical repairs were made to the home. I completed a final inspection on July 18th, 2025 to confirm the corrections. All work was complete, and the case was closed on July 18th, 2025. Itemized and total cost of work, notice in order cost $1,360, termination fee $190, title cost $47.50, monitoring fee $380, total cost $1,977.50. The notice of list pendants was properly recorded at the Sacramento County Assessor's Office on April 14th, 2025. Property owner was not contacted prior to issuing a notice in order. A preliminary letter was sent January 16th, 2025. The notice in order was sent to the property owner address listed on the current title report, February 19th, 2025. It was effectively served on February 19th, 2025 by a substitute service. The notice in order was not appealed, and the appellant has received the information being presented this evening. And staff recommends that the board adopts the decision confirming the total charge of $1,550 for invoice number CDDCHC21653. Notice in order and termination on the property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California, 95820 parcel 022-0273-0123. And confirming the total charge of $380 for invoice number CDDCHC21822 for the monitoring fee on the property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California, 95820, parcel 022-0273-012000. And also confirming the total charge of $47.50. And this is actually, there's a typo. It shouldn't be monitoring fee, it's for a title report. So my apologies. And that's for invoice number CDDCHC21847 for title report on the property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California, 95820, parcel 022-0273-0123. 022-0273-012000. Those recommendations are in orders for items number five, six, and seven. Yeah, Mr. Chair, can I ask a question before we move on to the appellate? Yes. Why did we break this into three separate cases? Normally, if they get invoiced individually, is why we do separate items on this? So. I've never seen you invoice those three things separately. Understand. I mean, I guess I'm not asking because it's a big deal. I'm asking, are we gonna see this going forward? Or is this a one-time thing, you think? Okay, so it's not a new change? No, they're separate invoices. That's why we have to take them as separate items. Are we expecting to see it like this going forward? We can consolidate them, but it just depends on when we make it certain. Okay, sorry. Go ahead. Thank you. Mr. or Ms. Tran or Ms. Lu, you may begin. Sorry. Either one, you can stand or sit. You know, I just, sorry for my English is not very good. My property manager, she cannot attend today, and I just do myself, and she actually sent all the documents to the court already, and to the council. And you know, this case should not happen because all the complaint, the complaint has been repaired by the invoice, all the, and then, when the city send the notice, they sent to my office in San Jose, and which is I come usually come out like once a month to check the mail, but on that month of February, I sick, so I skip one month. In March, I come and I receive a letter, and I write the way to send to the property manager. And I have, this tenant has been, just back a little bit, the history, this tenant since 2023, she actually start making the problem. And even those, I have to ask my lawyer to send a letter for us to come, to enter the welding unit in order to repair. And we have the letters over here too. And since that time, because you know, my English is limited, and we don't have a system to keep track all the report, and the people who repair doesn't have the system to keep track, so I have to have the property manager starting on June 7, 2024. So because of that, so I think I have never received anything from the city because the property manager taking care of that, and I just watching out like every month, it was something sent to the office, and that's the only thing about. And that's why in mixing, you know, I miss communication with the city, but you know, since I received the, I communicate, I noticed there's a letter exist. I work closely with the property manager to make sure you respond. But all the items, address, you know, it's been fixed already, and it's been fixed since, you in the, in the invoice, we have the invoice, like invoice back into the, like last year. It's the items, and you know, anything like the repair, we just, when we receive a call, we do, we do it right away because we want to make sure to comply, that is the way we do it. And it's included in the submission, the proof in the letter. And I request, because you know, this is like complaint, it's like, I consider it's not true complaint. So I request that, you know, if you guys, council can wait for the fees, because you know, this case should not ever exist, you know, because we just complies all the repair every time. And I don't know how, and she also did not allow us, after we contact with the area inspector, and she, in the eviction process too. So we're trying to communicate with her at one time to do the inspection, but she not allow us to do so. And we have to, and we work with inspector, a city inspector, we think it's better just stay away, because you know, maybe interrupt too much, make the eviction more complicated. And then by, we have the lawyer to do the eviction, and then you know, we have the trial on the July 28th. And by that time, we show she complained about the unit in habitability, not livable. So I think I have to really request her to do inspection, the city come inspection on the 18th, and the case closed. That means, you know, the all information she complained is not true. So that's why we win the court. And we have the email from the property manager, she actually have to pay, have to move out on the September 28th, and have to pay $4,000. And the installment $300 on the September 25th. So you know, in other words, it's all the case is not true, and she just tried to delay complain, and we kind of in the middle cannot do anything. And this is some letter of the lawyer from the past lawyer too. So at least, you know, some document and let to show you that's, you know, we really sincere and try to do all the work we need to do to make sure everything compliance. And then I asked for it possible when waste most of the fees or whatever the fees you can do, you know, that's how I appreciate that. Thank you. Any questions from the board? Yes, I'll start with my typical question. Is the property registered with the city of Sacramento's rental housing inspection program? Yes. Okay, so do you have your property manager listed as a contact person on there? Because it sounds like your contact is an office that you go to once a month. Because you know, I want to keep in touch, I want the property manager take care, deal with the tenants and most of the paperwork. But I want to make sure I keep in touch with sometimes they missed, at least I can come in and get it go. And I assume they only when they assign a contract with them, they should be registered under their name because you know, they should be on the paperwork too. And I still on the paperwork, that's why I received the letter and I right away respond. I think when we respond, it should be before the time, that's the deadline. But after that, we cannot do anything. We get hold and tight. So you know, that is the situation. Mr. Lemus, did you have a comment? Just that the record, recorded title address is the address we said to do, it's the San Jose address. Okay, so what I would say is I'd recommend because if something like this happens again in the future and 30 days goes past, you're going to have a similar issue. So I would make sure in my opinion, I would make sure that this, wherever you have the mail sent in this case, or for this property is somewhere where you're getting it or somebody is getting it not more than just once a month. However, I will say everything in this case appears to be done accordingly the way the city has done. However, this is one of those times where we as the board have the opportunity. My opinion, I'm one board member and I will make a, well, are there any other questions before I? This is one of those times I will say you've got to hear the last four other cases before us and you probably, yeah. This is one of those cases where you started January 13th of 2025 and you ended this March 27th, 2025. So when you tell us that you made every effort to make this happen, I believe you. And I will, I plan to meet you halfway in my opinion. The city has incurred costs. They did their job fully the way they were supposed to. This is one of those things. So I want to make very clear that I don't think the city messed up in any way. They did everything they should have done the way they should have done. This is one of those times I as one individual board member feel that we can exercise our discretion and I will do that, but I'm one board member. So I'm going to tell you what I'm gonna do before I do it, just so you're aware. I'm gonna leave the $380 monitoring fee, the $47.50 title cost, but I'm going to reduce the notice and order cost. And again, I'm gonna make a motion. That's, let me be very clear. To reduce the 1360 down to 700. Oh. Well, part of that 1360 is the termination, which is just the cost. No, it's separate on here. It's one, there's three separate. Yeah. So I'm gonna make a motion to reduce the 1360 down to 700. So I'm gonna go ahead and do that now, unless there's any other. I second. Well, I have to actually read it. I tried that last time and the attorney said no. Confirming the total charge of $700 for invoice number CDDCHC21653, notice and order and termination on the property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California, 95820 APN number 022-0273-012-0000. Unreadiness. Oh, excuse me, sorry. The invoice is gonna be for 1550. The termination, which is 190, is included in that 1550. 890. And then the 1360 is just a separate, it's where the notice and order and the termination are in one invoice. On the invoice. So the total invoice was 1550, so we take it to 700 plus the 190. Oh, there's four. Yes. I didn't see the, but there's only three. Right. The notice and order and the termination fee are combined, if I'm correct. Correct. There's three invoices. The notice and order and termination fee are in one. There's a notice to monitor charge on the other, and then the title is a separate fee. So that's how they broke it out. Four charges on three invoices. Somebody needs to talk to accounting. So you both, you add a number five, and that can be the number of your votes. Yeah. Correct. You did it right, didn't you? He can do the 700 off the 1360, and then you can leave the termination at 190, but it would be the total of the 1550 for the whole invoice. I have no clue anymore. I've lost track. I would just like to say, that's minus 700 from the entire total. That's fine. It can work. Okay, is that okay? 850. 850. 850. 850? Minus 850 from the total? No, no, no. 1550 minus 700 will be 850. Okay. So listen up here. This is my suggestion. Do I have to read these separately? Because I'd like to read, can I just put all on one and zero out the other two? Or is that gonna hurt somebody? You basically have three appeals. He's appealed each of the invoices. I guess what I'm saying is, if I lower it down, I'm trying to take $700 off the 1977. Can I just lower the other two to zero and take 700? If you're gonna reduce $700, the item number five is 1,550. You could just reduce that one and leave the other two the same. Item number five. That's the 1,550. So I did do it right. You're reducing item five to a total charge of $850. Yeah, so what I said. You said 1,360 in the beginning. Did I? Okay, I amend what I said. 850. Is that clear now? Yes. Okay, because I'm sorry. It's not normally this complicated, hence why I asked why they broke them out. You don't want a better place. Oh yeah, I get that. I appreciate you understand. Yes. Yes. So we have to have a second. Did we ever? Second and third. Oh, you did, sorry. Where did we land? Fisher? Yes. And Tablin? Yes. Ahmaud. Yes, sorry. Item number six. You wanna try that one? I think what it says. Make a promotion, a motion. What? Yeah, so we have to have item six. This time I am. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And then I'll do three since they have to change the verbiage. I wrote it down. Okay. If you want. Go ahead. 380, right? I'll do the last one is what I meant, sorry, seven. No worries. Go ahead. I make a motion confirming the total charge of $380 for invoice number CDDCHC21622, monitoring fee on property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California 95820, APN number 022-0273012000N0. I second. Fisher? And Tablian? Yes. Ahmad? Yes. I'd like to make a motion confirming the total charge of $4750 for the invoice CDDCHC21847, monitoring, no, no, no, title report on the property known as 5561 48th Street, Sacramento, California 95820, APN number 022-0273012000. I second. Try again. Somebody. Second. Fisher? Yes. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmad? Yes. So Mr. Tran, we did find in favor of the city, however, amidst all of the financial chaos, we did lower your costs by $700. You'll receive formal notification of the mail and any next steps you can take will be in that packet as well, thank you. So I was confused, I don't know what. I want to confirm, so the total charge for us is, against us is $1977.50 minus 700? Yes. You're welcome. Thank you so much. Yes. Yes. Yes, but I believe that since there are three separate invoices, you'll get three separate, yes, and so the $1550 will be $850. $1550, $850. Yes, and then the other two will be $380 and $47.50 respectively. Yes. But the grand total was count up to $1970. Minus 700, yes. I will make sure that is the final number. Thank you. I'm sorry, this doesn't normally happen. No, thank you. Thank you so much. I would like to have one more question. I would like to, what can we do to prevent this happen in the future? As Mr. Entablin said, speak to your property manager, make sure that the address with the rental housing inspection program is the address of your property manager, that way they'll get the notifications, whatever they may be, quicker than the once a month that you go check the mail. So change it, call the, and Inspector Gilder-Sleep can help you with that and assist you with that to change it over to the right address. The reason we don't want to put our address or the local address, because you know, sometimes we have past experience as the tenant, they're kind of emotional and they have some sense of mail or something like that. That's why I opened a PO box. I have it go to a PO box that I check weekly and you can also use informed delivery, so I don't go to my PO box until I see what's in the PO box until there's something that I want to see inside the PO box. I will say though, this would have never happened as long as you get that letter and then call him. He's not gonna do the notice and order right away. He would have worked with you, so that's also how it would never happen again, as long as you work with him as soon as you get the letter. I appreciate for his coming and sharing the information too. Yeah, I appreciate that. Thank you for your time. No problem, thank you. I'd like to reiterate that that not happened again. That was difficult. It's about to happen again. Eight, nine, and 10. Items eight, nine, and 10. Inspector Nick Tryon, 477 El Camino Avenue. There is no appellant, so we'll read a brief summary into the record and then we'll take these motions separately. Thank you. Mr. Tryon, the secretary will swear you in. If I can have all parties for item number eight, nine, and 10. For the property located at 477 El Camino Avenue, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing should be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Can I also get. Reiterate. Do you mind making it brief? Thanks. Agenda number eight, nine, and 10. In the matter of 477 El Camino Avenue. Parcel number 26302320320000. Property owner is Fred Reyes-Cruz, Roberto Reyes, and Antonia Reyes. Antonia Cruz Perez, excuse me. Case opened on. Into the mic, please. Sorry. This case opened on February 19th, 2025, and it's still currently open. On February 19th, I arrived at the property at the request of Sacramento Police Department in response to a warrant search. Once the property was secured, I observed multiple violations throughout the property. A securement contractor was contacted and agreed to provide securement of the property. The property was then posted dangerous. On March 13th, 2025, I arrived at the property for a scheduled meeting with the property owner, is Rep Carlos. We walked the interior and exterior of the property and discussed the violations. I then provided him with information on how to obtain a building permit, as well as the scope of work for that permit. On February 17th, 2025, I arrived at the property and observed no changes to the exterior. There has been no attempts to obtain a building permit, and I have received no further contact from the property owner or the property owner's representative. An HDB monitoring fee was issued. On March 5th, 2025, I arrived at the property and observed no changes to the exterior of the property since my last inspection. There has been no further communication from the property owner or his representative since our original on-site meeting. I issued the first admin penalty and second monitoring fee. On March 28th, a building permit was issued, and as of August 5th, the case is still open. Thank you, Inspector Tryon. Any questions, if not, most? Yes, now I'm confused, because as of the last one, I had three different ones to read from, so how do you want this, how do you, who wants it read which way on this one? There's three separate things, but there's one total. So how do you all want this? He didn't do it correctly, because I'm sort of, you're gonna have to break it out and read them in three separate items. I think we'd cross this bridge. Who wants to do the first motion? I can start. All right. Yeah, that's it. You have to do each line item right. You want it broken down a certain way, would it make it easier for you? So you don't have to correct things. You have to make a motion on each one. I'm saying, though, is there a specific total that would make each one easier for you? Okay. Thank you. Look at that. All right. Yeah, all right. All right, so I move that we confirm the total charge for line item eight of $1,650 for the invoice CDDCHC21671 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 477 El Camino Avenue, APN number 263023203200. How much did you say? 1,650. Total charge. I second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. You want me to keep? All right, I'll do next one. Confirming the total charge of $645 for CDDCHB10593 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 477 El Camino Avenue, APN number 263023203200. I second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. Who wants lucky number three? I'll take it. Up to you, sure. Confirming the charge of $380 for invoice number CDDCHC21967 for, I want to, this is for other call? For monitoring fee on the property known as 477, 477 El Camino Avenue, APN number 263023203200. Second. You have to try again. I second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Inspector Tryon. Item number 11, I ask the secretary to read those. In the future though, if you can break those out. Well, hopefully we won't do that going forward. All right, so now uncontested? Yes. Do you read it? Yes. Okay. It's been a while. Sorry, I couldn't remember. The following lines shall be heard as blanket items. The city staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge noted by each agenda line for the expenses incurred by the city in the enforcement of the provisions of the housing code and or dangerous buildings code with respect to the property known by the physical address and or parcel number APN as noted within agenda line item 11. I'm sorry. Line item, I'm sorry. I don't know why it's like that. Line for item 11, lines one through 26 and lines 28 through 161. So move. I second. Fischer? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. Ahmaud? Yes. Commission comments, ideas and questions. I think I've said mine, but no more of those breakouts. But if that's the way we need to know. If possible, so it feels like we've done breakouts before and it's been nowhere near that hard. So just not like that or at least that's, yeah. It seems to be. It seems to be. It seems to be. It seems to be. Yeah, no. Somebody, okay. Send them back 10 pieces of paper for every one until they fix it. Sorry, go ahead. Anyone else? Yes, if the board would be provided calculators in forthcoming meetings. I have my phone. I still couldn't get it. It wasn't a calculator. Just kidding. I don't think that would help. No, it didn't, because I couldn't get it. I digress, my apologies to the chamber. Any other comments? All right, I hear and none. Motion to adjourn. Public comment, no? Public comments, I'm sorry. I saw somebody, I didn't know. No, she's public. Oh, all right. All right, thanks for hanging out. All right. That's mine. Oh, all right. We're adjourned. That's her sister? Oh, well.