to the original people of this land, the Nisenan people, the southern Maydo Valley and Plains Miwok, Patwin Wintong peoples and the people of the Wilton Rancheria, Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe. May we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside us today on these ancestral lands by choosing to gather together today in the act of practices of acknowledgement and appreciation for Sacramento's indigenous peoples history, contributions and lives. Thank you. Let us now have the Pledge of Allegiance. I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice for all. Thank you. You may be seated. Good evening. Again, I would like to explain the reason for this hearing tonight. For items three through ten, we are here to consider the expenses incurred by the city in the notice and order and the repair, demolition or securing of any building or structure done in the housing cases before us, together with any protests or objections. The question here is are the fees, costs and other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? This board may revise, correct or modify the proposed charges as we deem just. Once the board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges. Any written protest and related information received have been forwarded to us for consideration in our decision. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. Our decision will be forwarded to the City Council for determination whether this hearing was conducted in accordance with the City Code. The operation of the meeting this evening, each item will be covered by the City Council for determination. We ask that you please be concise in your appellate statement. The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case first including the recommendation and then the owner will respond. Again, the staff will identify themselves and the staff will provide a summary of the case first including the recommendation at which time the owner can then respond. We will now start with our agenda item, item number one, approval of minutes for May 14, 2025. I'd like to make a motion to... Where are they? Approve the minutes from last month's meeting, April 9, 2025. I'll second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. Entablian? Yes. Thank you. We will now call the meeting to order. Item number three, 4883 Wind Creek Drive, Inspector Nick Tyron and Jonathan Thompson. Please come forward this time. The secretary will swear you in and again the city staff will begin with the summary of the case. You can stand or sit. Is the mic on? Okay. If I could have all parties for item number three for the property located at 4883 Wind Creek Drive, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes. Okay. Agenda number three, case number 24017938. The property owner's name is Jonathan Thomas... Thompson, sorry. Property address is 4883 Wind Creek Drive, parcel number 2260250007000. This is being presented by myself, Nick Tyron. Case opened on 429-2024. The case is currently open. On 430-2024, building inspector Boland arrived at the property to investigate a complaint of a deck at the rear of the home in disrepair. The complaint was valid. The violations were noted in the case. B.I. Boland informed the property owner, Mr. Thompson, of his options and Mr. Thompson stated he would remove the deck. A prelim letter was sent to the address on record. On 611-2024, B.I. Boland inspected the property and observed no changes to the deck viewed from the public street. He contacted the property owner by phone to discuss the lack of progress. Mr. Thompson stated he had several, he had personal issues causing a delay with removing the deck, but stated he will have it removed within the next two weeks. B.I. Boland provided a 30-day grace period. On 718-2024, B.I. Boland inspected the property and found parts of the deck have been removed. He provided additional time due to seeing progress. On 1025-2024, B.I. Boland inspected the property and observed no further changes since his last inspection. The deck was still partially disassembled. An email was sent to Mr. Thompson informing him that no further extension slash grace periods will be provided and a notice and order will be issued during next inspection if the deck is not completely removed. On 12-2-2025, 2024, excuse me, B.I. Boland inspected the property and was able to see from public right away the deck still in place. A notice and order was issued, which is being appealed here today. Staff recommends the board adopts a decision confirming the total charges of $15.97.50 for the notice and order on the property known as 4883 Wind Creek Drive, APN 22602500070000. Thank you. Mr. Thompson, you may begin. May I speak? Yeah, I talked to Boland, nice guy, and I did have an issue. He's absolutely correct for what he stated to some degree. The other is that the deck is totally removed. I was sending him pictures, but I think he was in some type of transition while the inspector was, I guess, taking his place. And so I sent tons of emails that this issue was resolved, and I was dealing with my brother in a coma, and I did talk to him about that. So he did understand that part, like I said, he was a nice guy. I didn't get the letter after the deck was removed, so I immediately sent him all the email that the deck is no longer existing. And as far as the charges are concerned, single dad can't really afford it, and that's one of the things I discussed with him, that because when it started, the data is correct. However, this was the winter time, and I had to take it down on my own, and it was raining. It was pretty much raining all the time, so that also caused delay. I kept the inspector updated on the progress and what's going on. He actually agreed with me and gave me some more time. However, when I finally got it done, I think it was at their transitioning period where he's no longer available, but I did send all the information to him. And I do have some emails to confirm that as well, and the deck is no longer there. Just last week, I guess, I don't know if the city sent some inspectors out again, and they seen that the deck was completely removed. I don't know what came out of that, but they have came out last week. Thank you. Any questions from the board? Yes. I'll ask a question. So you list the cases, and I'm sorry, I want to make sure. Is it inspector, is it Tyronn? Tryonn. Say it again. Tryonn. Tryonn. Okay, sorry. You list the statuses open. Yes, I arrived at the property. I took over this case in February. I arrived at the property, gave my business card to the property owner's son, and have yet to receive a call. I did also stop at the property two weeks ago. No one was home. May I add to that? Yes. Thank you for coming in. One of the things I had to tell Travis is that if you take a picture only on the outside of the house, you'll see the staircase. There's no doubt about that. However, I had to tell him the staircase is there so I could remove the deck. There's no other way to get to remove the floor of the deck without the staircase being there. So that would be the very last thing to be removed because I had to get up there and solve things down, which on February 2nd, I think that's the transition, I got emails that I actually sent all the pictures that it was totally done, and it is completed. Okay. So the only thing I would add is the purpose of this is cost recovery. So as the chair mentioned earlier, our job is to ensure that the costs outlined in here are just, and it looks like this case has been open now for just over a year with the inspectors going back and forth working with you, and it looks like as of two weeks ago you still haven't closed the case out so you haven't had a chance to inspect, but you said inspectors came out. Yes, it's not even there anymore. And I sent that email, I have it here on the second, and I will forward that as well, like I promised. So that was February the 2nd when I sent an email saying everything is done, and I haven't heard back from him, and there's tons of messages from me on his voicemail. If you could go back and check that, you'll see that's there as well. So I do understand that while it's done, I want to make sure that you also understand that the costs are the fees associated with the inspector. Of course, and this is why Maxifalina say that I cannot afford it, and pretty much I'm on a tight budget as it is. That's why I had to appeal it. I have no other comments. Just for clarity, not clarity, but just to make sure we're all on this, have the correct information. The last entry here for December 2nd, 2025? Yes, that's incorrect. It's December 2nd, 2024. Okay, just that part. And Mr. Thompson, as you stated, you were, your brother was, what period of time was that? Probably in November, October, it was before December. He's been in a coma. He just recently woke out of it a couple of months ago, so that's what I was dealing with that. But besides that, I didn't tell Travistad because I just told him I had some family issues. I didn't tell him the details of that because I still had to get the deck taken down. I didn't realize that he even gave me time because we just talked verbally. And he said, well, let's see what happens. Show me that there's some progress. And repeatedly I said, well, you have to go around the back and see the progress. And the pictures I'm pretty sure you guys got is just from the front. And I stated before that the stairs would have been the last place to go. So if you're constantly taking pictures from the front, you'll still see the same stairs. You won't see the work that was being done. And because of that, I didn't ever get any extension for that. When we talked, he never talked to me. He just said, well, let's try it again. Let's see how far you can. And I said, OK, you got to come around and see this because there is progress. And I don't know. This is the first time I heard from what he just said that their extension was given to me. And I was talking to him pretty much on a two-week cadence. Got you. Just working backwards, you said, I'm glad to hear that your brother is going better. Yeah, he's doing much better. And as you stated, it was somewhere around October, November when it happened. And so this case was open well prior to that, which was April. And if I'm reading this correctly, the extension, I just lost my place. Was that in when Inspector Triant was building Inspector Boland? Did he give the extension in June or in July? To be honest with you, I really don't. I'm sorry, I'm asking. The notice and order was sent out in December 2nd. And the prelim letter was sent out May 1st. So after June 1st, we could have issued the notice and order. So we got about six months of extension there. Oh, I see what you're saying. OK, I'm thinking official. Got you. No, official. It's all verbal. That's what I was reading. Yeah. Because I heard that. He's right. He's right. So, Lord, Travis sent the email to the property owner in October that he was giving him one last chance of 30 days. And then just over a month and a couple of weeks later, he issued the notice and order in December of 2024. Now it ties itself together. May I? Go ahead. What you said is absolutely correct. But what we discussed, he said, well, that's kind of like the official 30 days, but you can have the extension. Just let me know what's going on. And I think that's why I went six months. But like I said, as far as my first time here, first time homeowner, so with that being said, I never really got an official extension. I knew about the 30 days. He said that's kind of official, where they give you 30 days to remove the property. And then as long as there's progress, we extend it. And that's when all these other things happened. One of the first things happened was that it was winter. It was raining. And I'm like, there's no way I'm going to get up there with an electrical saw and try to cut this deck down. So he did give me time. Then the family issue happened. So yes, six months did go by. Going back to what I'm looking at, hopefully these dates are right. April 30th is when the case was open. That's the correct date. I don't think that's winter. No, no. But that's when it was open. And that's when we talked about the 30 days. Yes, please. June 11th was the next time the inspector came out. That's two months later. That's beginning of summer. I don't think it rained last year in June. It was hot. I don't think it did either. Okay. Then July, those are extensions without an official piece of paper, as was stated by the supervisor, Doug, stating there's been ample time is what we're all getting across. And as to your own words, you realize it was six months-ish from this onset until more things happened. With that said, if you were to ask for an extension through forms, then that paperwork, there would be a paperwork trail prior, or that wasn't done. There was already six months plus built in of giving opportunity through clear weather, non-raining, chance to do it. I understand. Going to your point, you here to ask for leniency is what, this comes down in a nutshell, but just for clarity, I just wanted to make sure that the dates that were listed, since the last one was wrong, that the rest were correct, that it wasn't a wintertime onset. It was actual spring and went through summer. So we're clear there. So now I'm going to turn it back over to the chair. I just wanted to make sure that information was right. Now I'm clear on understanding. Thank you. Any other questions? Then I'll call for a motion. Hello, board. I also want to make sure it's clear to the appellant that the reason the case is still open is that there has to be a final inspection. The inspector has to visually see this to close the case. He has been there twice already and hasn't charged his inspection fees, and they have to set a date to get this case finalized and closed. May I speak? Mr. Lemos, can you let him know how much it would cost if we were doing this monthly? Travis pointed it out to him in an email that once the notice in order was issued back in December, after 30 days, he would have been issued a $1,000 penalty and then a $380 monitoring fee each month until compliance and additional penalties if there was no action taken. At that point, we don't have evidence that it's there. So after, I think the last photograph that showed it was in February or March, but at this time the inspectors went back additional times. He should have been charging $380 each time he goes back, but he hasn't. It sounds like there's issues trying to contact the property owner. He has spoken to a family member, but not the property owner on site. So he does need to get onto the property, into the backyard, and to close out his case. May I speak? To be clear, one of the things you said, it didn't rain on those days, but remember I said earlier each time the inspector took a picture only of the front yard, and I mentioned that the staircase would be the last one there. So I get it. When you see just the staircase, you think nothing has been done. But one of the things on the side of the house, there's no gate. And I said, you're free to walk right through and take a look and you'll see the work. That's why I guess he kept extending it because he actually took my word for it. And I said, don't take pictures on the front of the house because the staircase is going to be there until I get the floor off and then the staircase come off. And so I think that's why the extension lasted because like I said, all the pictures you guys should have from him is just the front of the house, not the back and not the side. And I know there's going to be a final inspection. In February I actually sent a bunch of emails like I stated before that it was completely done. And you're right, I've seen that 30-day removal letter and I read it completely. So I do understand that. But Charles kept giving me the opportunity and I said, please just go around. You will see it. And he said, okay, I'll take your word for it. And I have sent additional pictures to the city as well. Actually tons of pictures. No, we appreciate that. And the bottom line is just the amount of time that was given was in the eyes of the city. It was ample time. But to your point of the appeal, as was stated by the chief, there would be right now, as was stated, a thousand dollar fee plus $380 a month since February or March until today. So we're looking at right now $2,000 that's off the board that you're not being asked to pay. I do appreciate it. So I understand. You guys have to do your job and I totally get it. I just wanted to make clear that everybody understood. I'll go ahead and make a motion confirming the total charge of $1,597.50 for the notice and order on the $1,000. I second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. Mr. Thompson, we did find in favor of the city and you will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail with any next steps that you can take. In addition, there are ways you can do a payment plan. If you reach out, there will be some additional information for that. Okay. So any penalties on additional plan? Like I said, I'm on a very tight budget. So the case is still open, so I would highly recommend that you work to close it as soon as possible because any additional fees can still be levied against you until the case is closed. So question, when the case is closed, I mean the inspector will have to come to the property and make sure the deck is completely gone. So you'll have to talk, because we're an independent board, so we don't work for the city. So I don't know the process. You'll have to work with the inspector offline. Okay. Okay. And once the case closed, there's a penalty which you guys deem that I need to pay. I don't know how that works. We're only allowed to hear what's in front of us today. There are no more penalties on the case other than what's in front of us right now. So if you go out in the hallway with Nick and make an arrangement so he can do an inspection, then he can close the case and there will be no more penalties. Okay. Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you. I will also say my apologies. I couldn't understand your last name because it's misspelled. It's misspelled. I was like, you're wrong. That's not how you say your last name. But now I get it. Okay. Excuse me. This is my first time here. So do I just wait and... Oh, no. You can... Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Item number five, 4960 Francesca Street. Inspector William Eli and Alice G. Right? And Jin Quan Li. Please raise your right hand to be sworn in by the secretary. I can have all parties for item number five for the property located at 4960 Francesca Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Your Honor, can you speak a little bit louder and allow I do direct translation sentence by sentence? Sure. Do you solemnly swear... You say... Yes. ...under penalty of perjury... You... If you don't make a move and don't prove it... ...that the testimony and evidence... Your testimony... ...that you give at this hearing... Your testimony... ...shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. All the testimony and evidence are true. Yes, I do. Thank you. And before we begin with the... Do you have the summary before you? Yes. Okay, great. All right. Thank you. I didn't fix the date. I put the case was opened in 2025. It was 2024. I hit the wrong button. So I'm fixed there. All right. And she'll be translating the summary as well? So the inspector here? Yes. Okay. So we'll just go... All right. So we'll go a little slow. The government's... ...will tell you everything. Okay. Mr. Housing and Dangerous Buildings Program Appeal Hearing. This is Agenda Item Number 5. Case Number 24-025494. Property owner is Lee Kuan. Property address is 4960 Francesca Street, Partial Number 1171-000033-0000. Hearing date is June 11, 2025. I am William Ely, Billing Inspector. This is the accounting of the special expenses. The case was opened on June 24, 2024. The current status of this case, it is closed. June 24, 2024, I went to the property and they had built a wall in the garage and they had a bed in there. I will send a preliminary letter as I have no phone number for the owner and the tenants did not want to give it to me. August 5, 2024, I spoke to the owner and let him know he needs to get a permit to remove the unpermitted work in the garage. September 9, 2024, I went to the property and no permit has been issued for the unpermitted work in the garage and no progress. I am requesting the notice and order be sent to the address on file with the county. October 18, 2024, there has been no progress and no reply to the notice and order, so I will be requesting the first admin penalty and building monitoring fee be sent. The building monitoring fee of $380 is being appealed today. October 30, 2024, the permit has been issued. December 3, 2024, I went by the property for the final inspection and it was approved and the case was closed. Itemized costs. Okay, just the bottom. Okay, so the notice of list pens, the cloud was properly recorded at the Sacramento County Assessor's Office on December 13, 2025. The property owner was... Sorry, that's 2024. I apologize, I need the button again. The property owner was contracted prior to issuing the notice and order. The preliminary letter was sent on June 26, 2024. The notice and order was sent to the property owner address listed on the current title report. It was effectively served on September 11, 2024, by process service. The notice and order was not appealed. The bill has recently received the information being presented this evening. The staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 4960 Francesca Street, APN number 11710000330000. Thank you, Mr. Eli. Ms. Ji, you may start speaking. This case is about your property, 4960 Francesca Street. There is a case number. In June 2024, the court started giving you a citation. You didn't change anything, you didn't remove the government's information. From October 18, you started to contact the government. On October 30, you issued a permit and changed everything. I only can explain it in a very brief situation about how the history was violated. Do you understand? I understand. I understand it thoroughly. I only can speak a word. So the case was filed for a waiver. So the case was closed in October. So all the violations were submitted. He submitted the permit, and after that there were a few inspections. The total violation was corrected on December 3, 2024. It was approved and closed. He still received this balance of $380. He is asking for the waiver of the fee due to financial hardship. Thank you. We will now take questions from the board if there be any. He is asking questions from the board. Go ahead. So again, I'll mention that we're here to hear cases on the fees, whether or not the city fees are fair and just. This case was open in June and closed in December. Can I ask, Inspector Eli, is this the only fee? Was there a notice in order? Yes, but it was not appealed. Okay. It was not appealed. So this is the fee because he was contacted in June. He was recontacted in August and September, and nothing was done. So that's why the fee was implemented. I'm sorry, the tenant is in the south. He was contacted in the south. Due to the language barrier, I don't understand what the documentation was all about. And also all the notification was mailed to the wrong address. Is this a rental property? This property was a rental, and I stayed in another address. Later on, I am aware the tenant does not have an issue, so I request to move back in and rent one room, keep one room for myself. When I rent this property to my renter, I was staying at my friend's house. I was renting somewhere else. And then later on, I moved back to this address. So I just want to make sure you're aware, or that he's aware, that all rental properties in the city of Sacramento need to be registered with the rental housing inspection program. Have we confirmed, is the property registered? Yeah, that's not got the address of where I sent the forms to on Cool Street. So is Cool Street the correct address? Cool Street, I don't live there for a long time. Why the T? Now, since I moved back from Cool Street to this address, so this is still under the rental regulation. I'm occupying one room. My tenant occupied the rest of the space. So again, you didn't update the address, so that's probably why he didn't get it initially, because the address wasn't updated. However, I have no further questions. I tried to correct the mailing address to the post office, and to some places I don't even know where they are. And now should all go back to Francisco Street, I hope. Okay, I would say I would confirm with the city that you have all your addresses after this hearing, not today, because we can't do that. But I would confirm with the city after that all your addresses are correct. Where? Where? Cool Wind Way. Cool Wind Way, that property. Is it that one? Who is the owner of that house? It's you. All I know also last name Lee, but this is a very common last name. It can be Lee, just like... So who's the owner of Francesca? So Francesca is you. Francesca Street is you as the owner. Yes, I am the owner of Francesca Street. What is his name? What's your name? Lee Jin Kwan. The same last name? Yes, same last name. He used to, but no longer for a long time. He moved back to his property. Cool Wind? Did he own that property? Did he own the Cool Wind Way? You're not the owner of that house. Cool Wind Way is not there. No, I'm not the owner. So he just lived there? He just lived there. Mr. Lee, can I ask, when did you move out of Cool Wind Way? When did you move from Cool Wind Way to here? I lived there for a few years. Since when? Maybe 2015. I don't know when I moved there. I lived there for a few years. Why do you have all your things there? I used to live in the same place. I lived there for a few years. I only lived there for a short period of time, and I didn't even know that I needed to change address. So all the mail went to the Cool Wind Street for a long time before I knew I needed to change address. Right, when was that he moved? When did you move from there to here? Look at this address. When did you move from there to here? I lived there for a few years. I lived there for a few years. I lived there for a few years. I can't remember how many months, but it's a few months I stayed there only. And then I moved back to Francisco Street. Okay, what month, what year? What year? I can't remember exactly. That's approximately 2017 or 2018. That was COVID time. Oh, at COVID time is when he moved to Francisco? He can't remember exactly what year. Okay, so he was, he's almost five years. Okay, the question for you is, when did you move to Francisco? I moved there for a few years. Okay, the question for you, Inspector Eli. In the meantime, I went back to China for a period of time and then come back. Okay, thank you. One moment. Whose name is on the return receipt, the mail return receipt, the green card? On the mail return receipt? His name. And the date on that is? All the notices that were sent to him were posted on the Francesca door. So even though it was mailed to that address, it was posted on Francesca. There's two pictures in the case that show that I posted them on the door. Okay. Well, as Doug's looking for that, just last question. What is the last question? Oh, sorry, the translation, my apologies. I asked the inspector whose name is on the mail return receipt. When you get registered mail, that green card, you have to put your name and then give it to the mailman, and then you get the mail. I asked whose name is on that. That was the question. So he's looking up to find out whose name is on that mail receipt. It's written in Chinese, sorry. Okay. Okay, gotcha. Thank you. I'm fine. And my only comment is, so there's clarity that this fee was assessed on October 18th, 2024. The case was not closed until December 3rd. And so I think he said he got this fee after, but it was during. So the case was not closed until December 3rd. This fee was assessed on October 18th. This question I have to answer on his behalf because I was the person, I'm a volunteer social worker helping, trying to help him on this case. And so when he was with a whole bunch of notification, he was not sure what he's supposed to do. And then I start contacting the city of Sacramento. The inspector was Eli. Yeah. And then we were instructed to submit the permit as soon as possible. And then we finally submit the permit and then try to get the permit pay and try to get people to do the work. He tried to do it himself, but I'm not sure. He understands what is required, especially what part needs to remove the ducking or whatever. So I suggest him to go with a handyman or a contractor. And finally he gets someone that he can afford to pay. Eli come back to re-inspect at least two or three times. That's why the case was closed, but it was not done until December 3rd. So he has tried his best and I'm trying my best to help him to comply with the law. And when the tenant is not performing or not a perfect tenant and he tried to move back to the property, it's a lot of hurdle. So I was being told that as long as he submitted the permit, he will have no more penalty. So according to my understanding, the penalty should not be imposed or whatever fees should not be imposed until it should stop on October... the end of October. Yes, correct. This fee was on October 18th. And then when you submitted the permit on October... when the permit was issued on October 30th, that's when all fees stopped. This $380 that's being appealed today was assessed on October 18th. Yes, that's right. It's a very financial hardship. Just one last thing. Mr. Lee is just clear. He only appealed the monitoring fee, which is $380. He didn't appeal the notice of order, which is another $1,200. $1,000, which was waived. I missed that. There's no other fees due on this case. Period. Thank you. Never mind. He's at his age and his health condition, and then the wife is working in some of the caretaker, and then he has no other financial income. Thank you. I completely understand. However, it sounds like the city has already waived all of the other fees, which are in the thousands of dollars. So the city is only charging $380 for the entire case as of right now. I'd like to make a motion confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 4960 Francesca Street, APN number 117100330000. I'll second the motion. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablion? Yes. Explain it to him. He said that the first case, $1,000, he would not charge you. The $380 is the basic that the workers would come and see you. He now says that he might not pay. Does that mean that the fee is not going to be waived at all? Yes, so the board has found in favor of the city, and he will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. And within that documentation, that paperwork, there will be information on payment plans and the next steps he can take. Yeah, if payment plan can be... Absolutely. Yes. Because... $380, yes. Yeah, he just got a car accident. So... And please make sure that it's going to the Francesca Street so that he receives this information. All right. So... So there will be a plan for payment plan. That he will have to call the city to arrange. But it will all be in that letter that he receives from the city concerning this decision. Okay. It will be in the letter, and also you can stop with Frances, and she can give you the same paper that will direct you on how to make a payment plan. Okay, so they will know what kind of paper we need. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Is that the conclusion of the case? Yes, that's the conclusion. He want me to clarify, you know. The fee is... Can be... Is that reduced to $180? I said no. So can you... Can the board explain it in a more detailed way? What is the conclusion of the case? So I can explain to him. Yes, so there's a fee for this case of $380 that he has to pay. And... Both outside and in the letter that's going to be mailed, the decision will be in that letter, as well as any payment arrangements that he may need. He said that this case is the least cost that the city government has to take. But he gave you a document that you can give in installments. You don't have to give it once, I'll give it twice. It's up there, you can do it. Okay. All right. It will be a payment plan. You get the information both outside and it will be in the letter. Okay, it will be in the letter that he will receive? Yes, in the mail, yes. 收到個封信,教你點比。 每次比幾多? 你要講給他聽啊。 How soon he will receive the letter? He can get it right outside. He can get one from the young lady right outside. Okay, fine. 收到個封信,教你點比。 At the very beginning of this case, I threw away a lot of documentation. I don't even know what it is. 收到個封信,教你點比。 Mr. Lee, the $380, the monitoring fee, is so that the city is monitoring the progress of the case. That's the $380. That was the question I believe Mr. Lee was seeking an answer to. So the fee, again, why he's being charged $380 is the city making sure progress is going on for his case. 他說一千蚊已經唔收你㗎喇。 呢三百八十蚊呢,係比佢地 嗰啲員工走過嚟睇你,查你。 佢唔係佢連政府連員工嗰啲費用都蝕埋。 OK, I will understand that. 佢話我會理解。 Thank you. That ends our case. Item number five. We're now going to call item number six. Inspector Eli for 27004 Harkness Street. 六和七。 Six and seven, thank you. Calling Jocelyn Lewis and James Johnson. 叫Jocelyn Lewis和James Johnson。 Jocelyn. Yes. I can have all parties for items number six and seven for the property located at 2704 Harkness Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing is the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Thank you. All right. Mr. Eli. This is the agenda item number six and seven. Case number 24-031917. Property owner Jocelyn Taylor. Property address is 2704 Harkness. Partial number is 01200410020004. Hearing changes June 11, 2025. I am William Eli, building inspector. This case was opened on August 26, 2024. The current state of the case is open. August 26, 2024. I came by the property and found that they were remodeling without a permit. So I hung a stop work notice on the door. September 17th, I met with the property manager to go over the violations and what needed to happen to get the permit. October 21st, 2024. I spoke with the property manager and architect and they are getting plans to submit to the city. January 7th, 2025, I went by the property and I posted it dangerous as there was no power to the residents. Since it has been four months and no permit, I requested a notice in order to be sent, which is being appealed today. February 5th, 14th, 2025, I explained to the owners that the property manager had been remodeling and they needed to get the permit. This month I would only send a monitoring fee, which is being appealed today. May 6th, 2025, the permit was issued and the case is still open. The staff recommended that the board adopt a decision confirming a total charge of $1,597.50 for item number six. Excuse me. For the work performed by the city on the property known as 2704 Harkness Street, APN number 0120041002000. The staff recommended that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for item number seven. For work performed by the city on the property known as 2704 Harkness Street, APN number 0120041002000. The staff recommended that the board adopt a decision confirming a total charge of $380 for item number seven. For work performed by the city on the property known as 2704 Harkness, APN number 0120041002000. Thank you, Mr. Eli. Mr. Johnson, Ms. Lewis, you may begin. Hi. I've had a lot of... I've had medical issues in the last year that I've had to face, and I work in a prison. I've gotten pulled out, like, 911 as an emergency out of there myself, so I've been recovering from that. The city had already been on my property prior to that. I have a lot of medical issues that I've had to face, and I've been recovering from that. The city had already been on my property prior to that incident, and they had cleaned up or cleaned up notices, but I didn't receive any of those notices because I'm also going through a divorce. So my ex-husband was keeping a lot of mail, and I guess Mr. Eli had also sent notices about this. So there was a miscommunication between, I guess, the neighbor and my property management as well. There was a lot of issues that were going on, but I wasn't able to address them at that time, and there was also people had broken into my house at that time. And so I, you know, I didn't...trying to kind of take care of myself and take care of the divorce situation, take care of the home, the neighborhood, kind of like everything. There was fees, and there was unpaid property taxes, and I was trying to recover from all of that and trying to understand what happened. I did... Next thing I know, I'm getting a call from my son saying that there was a notice that was posted on the door. They were there trying to clean up items from the break-in, and it was significant damage, and I didn't want to put it on my insurance or any of that, you know, trying to save insurance increase fees. But... So going with what Mr. Yulet had told me, because I had not been on a property for quite some time, there was a misinterpretation of what was going on in there. And so he told me there was a lot of remodeling going on, et cetera, plumbing, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah. I was like, wow, you know, this is not anything I had any knowledge of or approved of or anything like that. So I, again, not knowing anything, doing what I thought was in the best interest, which was clean up and try to board up everything, that's what I thought I could do. And then when I had the money, because as I'm going through the divorce, all my assets are frozen, I would then pursue further fixing of the home and whatever else needed to be repaired, because it was so severely damaged, as you've seen some of the photographs that Mr. Yulet has handed in. It is no longer that way, and then the SMUD, the power was disconnected because my husband did try the marital home where we were at or where we're sort of at right now. SMUD, I guess, somehow combined the bills because I was not available to pay the bill in Harkness. They combined it to the one in Elk Grove, and they combined the bills so then my husband at that time called and said, oh, what's going on? What is this? They combined the bills, and then my husband asked them to send a closing bill. So they sent the closing bill and they took me off as they took my name off as a property owner. So I was no longer able to have SMUD. They couldn't tell me anything about what was going on other than, hey, you need to have a building inspection done. I'm like, okay, well, I'm already working with Eli over at the city. So SMUD at that time had to communicate with him, and then he had no other, by default and following protocol, he had to do the whole issuance of, what was that, the dangers building the, basically condemning the home. That's not, he didn't, when he went there initially everything we were trying to comply and he's right. We did have somebody that said, well, you can clean it up in this way, because I didn't understand all the verbiage that's on the paperwork. That's foreign language to me, all the jargon. So I try to explain all of that and I'm like, okay, so what exactly in real simple terms, what is it that we really need to do? So seeing the house where it was at already at that point, I said, well, we might as well try and see and get some kind of sense of what is it going to take to repair, because I need to live there with my kids. So I'm essentially now a single mom with three children in a single income. So then, and now the property taxes are owed, so it's just, it's kind of like snowballed and I'm just trying to, I'm just trying to kind of keep it together. And I haven't been able to, I thank James a lot because he has been with our family for a long time and he's basically working for free out of this by just helping us and he helped me acquire the home initially and trying to find funding for the project because I'm going through divorce has been very difficult. But James can give you more of a rundown of what, you know, we tried the original person that did submit the drawings and I know that we have been working with the city, I know that Eli knew about it before, even like back in October. I, I'm sorry, I, it's just that he, we weren't able to, we lost contact with him and then when I did find out what happened to him, he was in a severe accident, he was not in communication with us and neither, eventually it was his wife that did tell me, you know, he's not gonna, he's not taking any more projects, so at that time Eli was already, he is the one that actually reached out to me and said, are you able to meet, meet what we are needing, you know, to bring it so that you are avoiding all these fines and that's when I realized, that's not, okay, so what's going on because the drawings were submitted and they're like, no, we're not seeing any APN numbers, et cetera, there was no confirmation of it, the request was set to go ahead and come in and file it in person, but again, he wasn't able to do that because he was already, he was bedridden and we didn't know about that until later and then by the time we got to that, it was already too far along and I know Eli really tried from my understanding from the emails that I've gotten from him, but I'm gonna let, I'm sorry I get so emotional but it's just, it's really, it's been a dream of my family and myself to move into that neighborhood since 1992, so you can imagine to just even be able to live in the neighborhood and to have the income to support it and then to go through a divorce and be going through all of this at this time, it's just, it's been really heartbreaking for me and my kids and I, since I do work for the state, and we are facing for those in a 4% budget actual salary cuts on our, so this is like really, it's a lot for me to try to explain to all of you, so I appreciate your time and I know that you have to decide what is fair, but I just want you to understand that more fees doesn't necessarily make the situation better. I understand the fees, I'm not, I'm not able to understand a lot, but whether or not they are fair, and then I will let James speak more of that and I'm sure Mr. Iggs, I will enlighten you to more of that, and I apologize. So for me, I'll just kind of be speaking towards the timeline that Mr. Ely laid out here, specifically when I initially spoke with him after the initial notice on the 26th, I think I spoke with him on September, in September and then again in October, progress was being, we were progressing along pretty well, and Ms. Taylor did mention that our time was up, and we were and Ms. Taylor did mention that the architect that we were working with did in fact start working on the project to address those issues, told us that he would have those drawings submitted, and I can't remember the exact date he gave us, but it was after my second conversation. It was October 18th, the original submission. Okay, but again he was in an accident. We were under the impression that those had been submitted, and in correspondence back and forth with Mr. Ely, we were insisting that that had been submitted. He should be able to see them. He's saying he wasn't able to see them. We were able to verify that that was the case, but then we did find out, which took about 45 days or so, maybe a little bit longer, to verify that the architect was in a spare accident and no longer able to complete the project. And then I guess in January Mr. Ely posted that notice. My question about that notice in order, notice of order, is that just a penalty fee? Is that just a penalty, or is that is there some kind of rhyme or reason to it, meaning like for instance in my profession, when we, if there's charges or whatever that we have to attend it, those charges sometimes have to be itemized, and we'll say, okay, it was charged for this, this is what it was, and sometimes we even have to provide receipts. I'm not asking the city to do that, but I'm just trying to get clarification. What is the notice in order? That's just a question that I have. Can somebody answer that? So far there's been no penalties issued to this property. There was a notice in order, which is the official notice, putting the property owner on notice, that there's a violation that took place. When the inspector arrived on the property, there was a property manager, I'm not sure who the person was, and the contractor's doing the work, removing all of the, looks like structural members and such in the house. So when he came back, he should have after 30 days, but he gave a lot of time, and when the notice order is issued, that's the cost of that notice. So all of the... I'm sorry, what is that cost? The cost of the notice was $1,360. That's the cost of the generation of the notice, all of the case history, all of the mailings, everything to do with the case, and that's the fee for that. So that's a fee that's set by council, and then there's a termination and a title fee. So we ran title report on the house. We recorded a lien and cloud against the property, and then there was an additional monitoring fee charged in February of $380. And that monitoring fee, is that a fee that's charged when Mr. Ely goes out there? When he was at the property, then he charges a monitoring fee every time he goes to the property. $380, unless it's a permit inspection when you have an active building permit. That's to cover his time, I'm assuming? Correct. His time plus all of the supervisor who reviews the case, monitoring case, everything else. I need to become a city inspector. $380 an hour? Amazing. He doesn't get it. Oh, okay. It's for everybody involved. Financial, the caps, the clerical people. We've got about 12 people. Got it. We'll get that up. It's not much, huh? 12 people. Okay. Alright, so at this point, the request is that, of course, it was appealed due to the fact that delays beyond Ms. Taylor's control is not something that it wasn't that we were sitting on this, it wasn't as if we were not making efforts to address this. She had a lot of things going on which she already alluded to that literally did affect her ability to be able to address this in a timely manner, or at least within the time. And I will say Mr. Ely was a pleasure to work with. He did work with us and make effort to work with us. I was in conversation with him often and kind of providing some update to him as to what was going on. I will also add that the original person that made the call out to trigger the code enforcement inspection was my neighbor next door that I guess was there when Mr. Ely was there with James and one of my colleagues from work. Now, I have never had a contractor in my house. Now, I have had people that support me and they are friends. Like I said, I do work for the state myself. And I understand, I do understand the importance of meeting deadlines. I do, like I do, absolutely do. So it's not that, it's just that there's things that are way beyond my control and I do have a lot of things that I go under, even my job itself. It takes precedence almost over my own daily needs because of what I do. But it was not that he didn't do his job and it was not that we haven't been in communication. We have. It's just that there's things that are, like I said, I have had so many things over and over and over and over and I'm trying to just like catch a break. Honestly, that's really what it comes down to. I need somebody to say, hey, you know what, stop, let's get, even in any situation here, whatever the outcome may be, I'm still, I still have to make the repairs. I still, my house, I can't live in it. Like, I don't have a kitchen. I don't have a bathroom. I don't, you know, I just, like I, at the end of the day, paying another $2,000, $3,000, it wouldn't even matter if it was $50,000 fine. I don't have a place to officially stay. My husband took mailings, I was trying to get copies, email copies, because when the mail was getting home, I wasn't getting it. My husband, my ex-husband, was keeping the mail for me. So, I, the, and the neighbor later on did find out, she actually texted me an apology and she, when she saw that the condemned notice was placed on the house, she said, I'm so sorry, Jocelyn, and I said, you know what, I told her it's not, don't take it personal, this is just, it's protocol. The city inspectors, you know, she really felt remorseful, but I said, you can't blame the city, you can't, I mean, Eli was doing his job, he is, and I'm pretty sure he would agree to that. His boss would agree to that. I would agree to that. I'm not saying that. I'm not saying that people here are not, and I'm not saying that my neighbor's not right in reporting what she thought needed to be reported. When she found out, when she realized, like, wait a minute, she is in communication with the other neighbors, then she realized this was, I need to be helping this neighbor. It was her ex-husband that came with me when I had break-ins in the house, we went and inspected them, and I'm still working with it, and I'm still even now, as we sit here, I'm still looking at different bids for the work that needs to be done in the house. And I don't even have a final season on time, I mean, we're talking like maybe like $90,000, you know, so I, I mean, what's another $2,000, why am I going to come up with that? I don't even have, I'm barely trying, I'm trying to make it meet. I haven't paid my property taxes. I'm trying to kind of catch everything. Again, not saying that the city hasn't done their due diligence, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that I need help as a homeowner. It's not like a $2,000 fix, like, I'm looking at $90,000. So how is another $2,000 fee on top of that going to make the neighborhood better? How is it going to look better? It's not, it's not going to improve on the neighborhood. It's not going to help us any, it's not even the neighbors, even so that's, that's not, you know, it's not contributing in a positive way to our neighborhood. And it's not, because it just makes it more difficult for me to try to get the repairs that the home needs. And it is a home that is the I want to run to the neighborhood, but it is my dream home. And I want to make it, and I want to make it for my kids. And my daughters call it the fairy house because they like the tiny home. And that's what we're working on as a family. And I am asking you guys to support that, to support us as a family, to support, this is what we want in the community. We want people to not be homeless. We want people to have the support of the children be feeling safe. And that's what I need. I need your help on that. Not more fees, not more of this and continued, I mean, it shows up, I already paid $1,500 additional because of the permits, because of this. So I leave that to you and your thoughts. But that's where I'm at. And at the end of the day, my main goal is to somehow, whatever you decide here, I'm, only God knows, I'm going to make that happen because I've already seen you. Only God knows I'm going to make that happen because I've already seen God work in miraculous ways. And that's the only thing I'm living on right now. It's just my faith in God and the faith that we all have kind hearts because that's what I have. I have a kind heart and a love for my neighbors, even when my neighbors... Ms. Taylor? Ms. Taylor, we're going to have to keep your comments to what's germane for this appeal. In a nutshell, I just have one question. Sorry, Chair. I didn't mean to overstep my balance. Vice Chair, Chair, he's in charge. My question is, from the onset, when the remodeling began... It was a cleanup effort for us. It was damaged. Let me ask the question. Was that you during the remodeling from the onset? I'm asking you. Oh, I'm sorry. Let me do it this way. No, it's fine. No, it was not me. Okay. It was not me or any of my staff. That was just my son and my friend. That's cleanup. I'm asking about the remodeling. That's the point. There was no remodeling. They were in there starting to clean up from damage that was caused from the break-in and stuff that was taken out of the property. But if you look at the photographs, that's the impression that you would get, and that would make sense. I can tell you, none of our people were in there doing anything. Thank you. Just want to make that clear. So, Inspector Eli, when you wrote this up as remodeling, you hadn't spoken to anyone there at the property when you wrote this up as... There were two gentlemen outside. I did not go in the property because it was locked, but I could see through the windows that the kitchen was gutted and gone. When they did let me in, the bathroom was gutted and gone, the floor was removed. And if you look at the picture, they had all the plumbing pipes and stuff in the backyard. So, if you look to me, it's a remodeled job going on. There were wires coming through the sheetrock, which I have pictures of, sheetrock that was patched. Right. So, just asking the questions. Those are all old. One second. One second. One second. So, with the two gentlemen that were outside, did you ask them the question, are you remodeling or what was going on? Well, basically, no. I hung the stop work notice and told them they couldn't do any more work inside the property, that they were more than welcome to clean up the outside. But if they did any more work inside and I got a phone call, she would get a penalty immediately. Gotcha. So, I just told them, go ahead and clean up on the outside if you want, but no more work on the inside of the house. Gotcha. Appreciate that. Just one quick question. I'll turn it back over to the Chair. So, the break-ins, just so I heard your story correctly, the break-ins to that property, the destruction that from the pictures we're looking at, all came from the break-in, is what you're saying. Correct. So, there was damage to the kitchen areas, the bathrooms, the kitchen house, and so what you're looking at is pictures that don't get that damage stuff that had been removed at that point. But that was it. And it was just being cleaned up. The damage stuff had been taken out. But all of that, what had been taken out was what was damaged. Appreciate that. There were actual walls removed and walls installed, wiring installed. Not walls. There was a wall removed. Yes, hold on. Speaking to the microphone, please. The wall that you're talking about was a non-load bearing wall. When that letter was submitted, we had to, you know, even structurally speaking... Understand, we agree that it was a non-load bearing wall that was removed, along with all the kitchen cabinets, facilities. And the reason why that wall was removed... Okay, we're just, we're making sure the inspector was doing the correct thing. The inspector visually was able to see... Yes, he did that correctly. That is correct. Right. He did say that in his report. Demolition and work that required building permits. As you sit and say you want to protect your family, that is our inspector's job and our city's job is to protect you and your family. So do want to make sure that that is what the notice order is for, to make sure it's done correctly. Permits are obtained. Inspections are completed. And it's done correctly and safely. So that's why we were there. That's what we observed when we observed to the extent of the construction that was going on. That is what... Construction is when stuff has been put back. Well, it appears... I'm just asking the definition of construction. It can be demolition also. Okay, so removal of damaged items would be considered demolition? Yes. I'm just asking. And you would need a... I'm just asking for clarity. And you would need a permit for that. It really matters. Yes, and you would need a permit for that. Okay, so you would need a permit to clean up the damage that was... Correct. To the extent of what was removed, yes. So, understand that's what we're here for, is for this, the notice is passed, we're just here for the fees, and it's clear what the inspector saw when he was there. So, I'd like to get clear of... You're saying they came in and they stole the cabinets, they stole everything. It was that and then. So, things being cabinets, doors... So, you're saying like hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage? Well, I mean... They were... The house is old. They were still very functional. Okay? I wouldn't say hundreds of thousands of dollars, but we could... It was functional. I bought the house. I'm saying what was the damage to the property, because you're saying... It was... The argument is that this work being done isn't work being done, it was damage to the property from somebody. Yeah. You're saying you didn't file a claim, but you're saying this is at least tens of thousands of dollars of damage. That's what I got in quotes now. It says that I... But you didn't file a claim with your insurance? No, I didn't want to, because I didn't want them to raise my insurance. I just figured I would buy cabinets and kind of try to work through it. Eventually, when my divorce was done, I had to get all that funded. So the problem is you did start doing remodel-type work, though, and then they did... I think you said you were the one that was on site originally, right, as a property... No, I was not. No, I'm sorry, him. Oh, no, he was not. You were not? It was a friend of mine and my son. Okay. And again, just my coworker and my son. Neither of them would know this would require a permit. I wouldn't even know. I mean, looking at the pictures, you can see there's brand new wire being held. So it's not destruction, and it's not. You can see there's new... That wire was there. That's from the previous owners. They did whatever they did. I don't know. They left exposed wiring. No, some of that was... That wire was inside the wall that was removed. That was damaged. So what you're seeing now is that hanging from inside that wall. And they cut out... I guess that's what I'm confused. You're saying... My friend was just trying to make sure that it was safe because the walls were so damaged. My son at one point stepped on a nail and I had to take him to the emergency department. So my concern was like anyone can come into my house at this point, and they could sue me for a lot more than what my house was worth. And that's why the city is there to cite you to shut it down. So that's why I was trying to take the initiative to clean it up, patch it up, and do all of that. But I was in a process of making all the notices, and I had already paid... Again, I had been sick, so I had been trying to pile up the money and trying to pay off whatever was due from before regarding a cleanup job as well. So it was item after item after item. I want to be clear so we can understand. The request that she's making is a request that the fees be lifted or whatever have you. It's not that she... she's not saying that or disputing what Mr. E... Oh, I get that. That I understand. But we also have to hear both sides. And the city is asking us, are these fees just? And sadly, current circumstances, they are just, at least in my opinion, because in looking at this, the city could have charged another $3,800 in monitoring fees. And just so you're aware, this is listed as an open case. So on top of that, they can still do $380 a month until this is closed. So that brings me to a question. Why would it still be considered an open case? Because he noted here that the permit was issued. Yeah, so this will keep going until you're done. If you don't show progress, he can issue another $380. They have a permit. I'm sorry, so you're right. So once you have the permit... But he could have issued... this is a small end. They could have issued another almost $4,000 on top of this. So he was being lenient. And that's one of what we're supposed to look at. Was the fees just? They've reduced their fees significantly on a work that when they've been trying to get a hold of you all since August, and it's now June, it's been over almost a year. No, no, I get that. I'm not saying that you haven't ignored them the whole time. This case has been open now almost a year, so they have costs associated with going back and forth with you all. That's what I'm trying to say is I'm not saying that you're ignoring them. The ignoring looks like it was only about four months where they didn't get to hear anything. That gentleman was the one that was in the accident that was no longer available. He was supposed to be in direct contact with the city. I get it. Mr. Eli reached out to me, and that's when I found out that... And during that time... and again, I'm sorry. Words matter to me when you said ignoring during that time. Even during that time, there was no ignoring going on. We were in communication via email and whatnot with Mr. Eli. What was at question was whether or not the architectural plans had been submitted. And so it was our contention based on the conversation we had had with the architect that those plans had been submitted already. And so in correspondence with Mr. Eli, not ignoring him, at no point was there any ignoring going on. We were in correspondence with them stating that that had been done, et cetera. And then it was... when he responded and said, no, I'm not seeing it, Ms. Taylor insisted because, again, based on that conversation. And then he came back again and said, no, I'm not seeing anything. That's what alerted us. Okay, this is not... That's what I'm curious about is you waited two and a half months. So you didn't even try to talk to the architect to find out two and a half months went by that you didn't know he didn't do anything? There was part of her initial statement was he was in an accident in which... October. No, we don't know which he was. It was later on, like around Thanksgiving or so. And so it was my impression that he had already submitted everything. I said, okay. But I was never informed that the entire project had to be finished until just the last few months. I realized all of that. I thought that, okay, well, maybe we just boarded the house to meet the script. The fact that it's not a low bearing wall is that sufficient. And I said, okay, maybe we don't need to do all the plans now. We don't need to do all the modeling. I talked to my husband and he said you can continue to stay in the house for now. And so that's the arrangement that we sort of have right now. It's tentative. I have no other questions. Mr. Chairman, I just have a curious comment here that we could consider the fact that the notice of order when it's issued is simply because we appear at the site, there are violations. So violations need to be corrected with the permit, whether you're demolishing or whether you construct them. So that's a notice of order that we're required to issue and make it illegal, lean on the property and everything so that we can move forward. So I would say from what I'm listening to here that he was very considerate because other than the notice of order which we are required to list the violations that currently exist, he's only issued one three hundred and eighty dollar monitoring during this whole process. So we have been extremely like, but he did what we had to do on the notice of order. And we only did one monitoring process that we're talking about. I don't think we questioned Mr. Ely's, you know, I just wanted to say that for the board to have that understanding. I just have one final question, Mr. Johnson, you're the property manager. So this was a rental property prior to. No, so I'm not officially like she stated. She said, oh, he's helping me for free. I've helped her with property that she had in Stockton as at one point that they had. And I was managing that property for her there. And then when they decided to sell it, I assisted them with selling when she was dealing with this. This was a home she was going to be occupying herself. So she was dealing with the one hundred percent of her own in her health issues and other things started coming in and the divorce and all that, which is why you notice. I'm not involved in this until after that initial time that Mr. Ely was out there in September is when I met with him at the property as a favor to Jocelyn to try to help her, you know, to get some product, get this resolved or whatever. Have you? So, no, it was not a rental property at any point. And I'm not officially managing that property. Thank you. Anything else on the board? All right. All right. Before I make the motion that I have, I'm just going to point out in looking at the total between the two and remind me, I know is get confused. Do I have to do these separately? All right. The original should have been close to five thousand. And when we have to hear if the case is just from the city, they're at nineteen seventy seven. So I'm going to make a motion confirming the total charge of fifteen ninety seven fifty for item six for the work performed by the city at the property. Twenty seven oh four Harkness Street APN 012004 100 to 0000. Second. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. And Tablian. Yes. And then confirming the total charge of three eighty for the item number seven work performed by the city and the property is twenty seven oh four Harkness APN 012004 100 to 0000. Second. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. And Tablian. Yes. We found in favor of the city for both item six and seven. You're going to receive formal notification of our decision in the mail with any next steps you can take as well as payment arrangements information. I would also say just from my experience, I've had a similar situation. Insurance will cover. I mean, I get that you don't want to pay another five hundred dollars for a year. Tens of thousands of dollars in damage. That's what insurance is for. And it sounds like the money is kind of tight. So, I mean, that's something that and they cover all of the costs, at least they did on mine for the property permits and everything to bring the property back up. So all those costs were covered when I had the same issue. Thank you. Now going to call item number eight. Specter Lovato for 6063 36 Avenue. One rules us that city correctly. All right. The secretary will swear you in. I can have all parties for item number eight for the property located at 6063 36 Avenue. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes, thank you. This is a lot of. This agenda item number eight case numbers to four dash zero three nine six five six property owner Juan Carlos Rose Rosa Lopez property address 6063 36 Avenue Sacramento California 95824 parcel number zero to seven zero one zero six zero one five zero zero zero zero zero. Good afternoon. My name is Paul Lovato and building inspector with housing and dangerous buildings. This case opened on October 11 2024 and the current case status is open on October 15 2024 I arrived on site at 12 o'clock p.m. and as I arrived on site I wanted to verify there was not a permit already issued to the property when I look. When I looked it up there shows to be no permits issued to the property, but there did show an expired permit which was already asked 2314247 and it was for install of a new mini split system. I then went to the front door and knocked the gentleman answer the door explained who I was and why I was on site he did not speak English. I explained his daughter I explained his daughter why I was on site she then wanted to know if they needed to get permits I then asked if I could go into the backyard and see if the work performed she stated no. I then also explained about the expired permit on the property and she stated they had hired someone to do that. I then gave her my card in case they have any other questions when they received the preliminary letter on October 28 2025 I received. I received a call from Carlos stating he had received my preliminary letter and wanted to know what needed to be done I explained to him an inspection of the backyard needed to be performed to verify permits are required. We set up a date and time of Tuesday October 29 2024 at 9am on October 29 2024 I arrived on site at 9 and met with Carlos he allowed me to the backyard to see the structure built. He built a storage shed that is 16 feet by eight feet with electrical ran to the shed that provides power to lights outlets and a wall air conditioner unit. I explained to Carlos that permits were are required and he would need to acquire a design professional to provide drawings of the work performed to submit for the building permits I took pictures of the storage unit for the case documents. On December 5 2024 at 8 o'clock am I arrived at the single family residence I took photos and updated the case file and due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to obtain the housing and dangerous buildings permit I issued the notice in order. I also ordered a cloud be placed on the title and the title report done. On May 20 2025 permit RS 2502343 has been issued with the scope of work of constructing 162 square foot backyard shed accessory unit. This is. So staff recommends the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $1597 and 50 cents for the notice in order on the property known as 6063 36 Avenue Sacramento California 95824 parcel number 027 010 6015 0000 Thank you. Thank you Mr. Rostock may begin. All right. Okay. So, I'm here to contest or waived the fines for my property as a tour as a first time homeowner. I wasn't aware that making a share will be a big deal. My first two years of owning a house. I don't have a garage so I had a built in replace the old one that was there. So it was like, oh it's already there's one there so I was will make a slightly bigger one that like fit what I the space that I need. And they find out that I need a permit and it's too big so. Yeah. So, as I found that out. I started the process and. Yeah, so I'm looking to waive the fees and show that I have followed the steps to rectify the problems going. I already spent thousands of dollars on architectural drawings engineering material and thousands more for the application fees and all that. And that that was a really high burden on like my money. I got that's all my savings pretty much and looking to you know waive my fees my fines as I continue to work towards fixing it. I recently talked to. To the inspector and it's almost done. I just moved it and just need to finish the sightings on it and should be ready. Yeah, just like again, feel like these fines add an additional burden to an already. Already expensive process that has been. You know, I don't know where just so yeah. Thank you. And I'll take any questions, comments from the board. I mean, I guess I have a question. So you it looks like you were reached out to an October. Right. And they tried to work with you, but nobody was allowed in the backyard. And so he explained the situation to you that you would need permits so that you do. I know you said you didn't know the process. Yeah, well, like how he said, I wasn't at home. So it was just my sister and my dad. So so, you know, you always know not to talk to people that I get that. So then they left their information with you. Did you call him back? How long did it take for you to call him back from October? Don't remember. OK, so then he waited. Almost two months and. Again, nothing happened, and that's when he filed the less pendants against the property. Well, like I said, it's all a new press. I'm not a contractor, so I don't know what I need. And also, it was the end of the year. So like it was really hard finding architects that weren't charging, you know, nine thousand dollars for drawings. And, you know, so yeah, that's kind of what took a lot of time from that is just finding who I don't even I didn't even know where to find people. It's just like it's all new to me. So, yeah. So I will say it looks like you pulled the permit May 20th of this year. Is that about right? So again, I'll just make clear that he could have charged three hundred eighty dollars a month going back to December. So that's about how was that? Yeah, that's about six months now. And I will also make the same claim that it looks like you have the permit. But if work doesn't continue after the expiration date, they can continue to issue the monitoring fee. Is that correct? Yeah, the permit expires for 60 days. And after 60 days, if no progress is being shown, we can we can expire it. But if progress is being shown, we can it has a terminal date of a total of one hundred eighty days after that. Any time the permit is no longer issued, we can issue fees and penalties. OK, one other thing, the reason why there was no penalty sent at the beginning when I read that he had an expired permit for the new mini split system, he did pull a permit for that. So he actually has two permits on his property right now. So right off the bat, he pulled the permit for the mini split. There was no additional penalties sent out because he pulled that permit. Until now, he's got the other one. OK, so it does sound like even as a new homeowner, you did know you were required to pull permits. Yeah, because I hired someone and he told me about it. So yeah, the share was me and a family friend. So and like I said, there was already a shared built in, but it was just falling apart. So I built one in place and I think it was going to be a big. Well, again, we have to we don't work for the city, but our job is to make sure that the city did properly charge you. It looks like they could have gone up to they're being charged 16, a little under 1600, but they could have added almost another. It looks like 4000. Well, I do have a mail that I just recently got for three thousand dollars. Honestly, you still have another fee on this. I'm not sure what that was about. We were talking about this earlier. So what I did was I gave him the info for to order a demand request on his property and it'll actually give him a breakdown. Does it have to do with this case? Yes. So there are additional fees other than this. There's a notice in order with the title in cloud, which I see one administrative penalty of a thousand dollars plus the three hundred eighty dollar monitoring fee. That was issued shortly after the notice in order. OK, and a monitoring of the words back in January, still trying to get him to comply. OK, so one monitoring fee has been issued between then and now. OK, well, today is fifteen ninety seven, but it sounds like there's and how much more after today's is there still? There was a previous hearing on the penalty that the appellant went to a hearing for that already, and the hearing officer confirmed that. And what? Hearing officer confirmed that penalty. OK. And I already paid like three thousand dollars for just the permit itself. So, you know, it's a heavy burden at this point. I still got to buy materials and, you know, finish the work. So, yeah, it's a huge burden for me. Yeah. And also what you guys are talking, I just want to say at no point there was a disregard of, you know, getting the fix, because I mean, some parts took a minute. But like I said, there's a lot of moving parts that. I never had to deal with the cost and all that. Yeah, I will say it did at least happen pretty quickly. I was looking back at the notes. So October 15th, even though I guess as long as you would have worked from there, the title report cloud was done almost two months later. Hold on one second. Our apologies to the room. We were going, we were side barring. We were informed that we need to side bar out loud so that the entire chamber could hear. I will add what I was saying is I did to your point. It started October 15th on this from the original arrival. And then you were cited on December 5th, it looks like, for the cloud. And then it sounds like you work. So you did have a architect do the design. Is that what you're saying? Okay. Yeah, not prior to building it. All right. And then there are additional fees. It sounds like there are still another monitoring fee. That's already been addressed. That's already been addressed. That was at another hearing. Okay. So there are no other fees then other than what's in front of us right now. Like I said, I just got a mail probably like two weeks ago. It says 3,000 something. I don't know if it's in addition of this one or is that a new fee? It's a combination. So in other words, since it was upheld that the other fee was valid. I see. 1,000 and the 380. And then that is on this notice in order. So he's got that. And that's all for this one case? Yes. Okay. So that's $2,977, which is what he's probably referring to about three grand. That's this notice in order and what already happened on the... Okay. All right. Well, revenue probably sent late fees with that. Okay. I mean, I will say the 3,000 does seem a little steep. So I'm willing to cut a little bit. I mean, I don't know, for one issue for the permit. So I'm happy to speak out loud that I'm cutting a little bit off because it's 3,000 for one permit. So when you were talking about this, this is all for the one permit, not the other mini split permit because that ended. This is all just for the... He said permit. He said existed. It still is existing. So I would say what you were looking at in October when he met with Carlos and gave him the whole rundown and left the information, that was October 29th. The permit actually didn't get issued until May. And so all he had in between there was the notice in order for the violation and then one admin and monitoring fee. We did wait almost, what, six months for it. No, I get that. But how do we get to 3,000 then? Because I see where we get 1,600. Where does the other 1,400 come in? If you're saying the 3,000, you're saying when revenue sends them to them, they're combining everything on this one case, which would be... That's what I mean. Oh, OK. That would be the notice in order that you guys are now listening to and the already upheld admin penalty and monitoring fee and whatever... How much is an admin penalty? It was $1,000. Right. In December, he was issued the notice in order fee, determination and title fee. I see. In January, he was issued a monitoring fee and a penalty. OK. $1,000. I'm sorry. I understand where you're coming from. I understand both sides. Let me be very clear. I understand the city. I understand the timeliness that it needs to take. But I also understand this one permitting issue. I'm going to make a motion of... Where'd it go? Usually it's in red. Where'd you hide it? Sorry. Give me one second. There it is. I'm going to make a motion, at least for my thought process, so you're aware. This is all for the one issue. I think while the city definitely has the right to issue fees up to several thousand dollars more, and they have the right to do that, for the one issue, I understand that $3,000 for the one issue can be a little pricey, and he has the permit now. At least I'm explaining why I'm doing mine. But I will confirm the total charge of $1,097.50 for the notice of order on the property known as 6063 36th Avenue, Sacramento, California, 95824 APN number 02701... I'm going to start that part over. 02701 060150000. Just clarify the dollar amount, please. $1,097.50. So that's a reduction of $500. I'm going to make a motion. Second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. And Tablian? Yes. All right, so Mr. Rosas, we did find in favor of the city, but we did reduce the cost by $500. You received formal notification of our decision in the mail. All right, thank you. So is basically $3,000 minus $500? We can only talk about what's in front of us. So the bill that we just heard is $1,597.50. We reduced that to $1,097.50. So we reduced this current bill, because that's all that's in front of us, down. So this bill is now $1,097.50. And then you'll get a notice in the mail from her and her team about what he just said. Right. But we can't do anything about anything that's either outstanding, that's already been done, or that could be. Like, if you have an ability to bring something else up, you have that right. But we can only talk about what's in front of us. OK, I guess I'll talk to my inspector. Yeah, definitely keep in talk with him, because depending on how long it goes, like he said, 60 days, I know we're getting close to the 30-day mark. So you're going to... It says May 20th. May, OK. Oh. Right? Did I get it wrong? I don't want to give him bad information. OK, sorry. So definitely keep up with... 60 days from that point to finish everything, right? Well, again, I'm not... That's construction stuff. You'll have to talk to Inspector Lovato. OK. Sounds good. Thank you. Thank you. We now call for item number nine. Inspector Lovato for 2623 41st Street. Appellant Ben Nguyen. Hope I said that correctly. If not, correct me, please. All right. The secretary will swear you in. We have all parties for item number nine for the property located at 2623 41st Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Lovato. This is agenda item number nine. Case numbers 24-027526. Property owner Paul Tan Tien Nguyen. Property address 2623 41st Street, Sacramento, California 95817. Parcel number 014-0084022-0000. Today's June 11th, 2025. My name's Paul Lovato, a building inspector with Housing and Dangerous Buildings. Case opened on July 9th, 2024, and the current case status is open. On July 16th, 2024, I visited the site at 10 a.m. and went to the front door. There showed to be no doorbell, so I knocked at the door. There was no answer. So I took pictures around the front of the dwelling. I then went back to my vehicle and looked the property up and our permitting, and it shows RAS 2302-392 for a bathroom remodel had expired. I then looked the property up in Parcel Viewer, and it showed it's a ground floor area of 1,094 square feet, upper floor area of 195 square feet, no basement. The total living area is 1,289 square feet with three bedrooms and one bath. Then I went on the website that was provided in the complaint, and it says $1,045 a month for rent. They have six bedrooms, six bathrooms, 1,600 square feet, 95 square feet per room, five plus housemates. A preliminary letter was requested to see if the owner gets a hold of me for an interior inspection. On August 16, 2024, at 1.20 p.m., I arrived at the single-family residence, and I took photos, updated the case files. Due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to obtain a building permit, I issued the notice and order. I also put a cloud on the title and had the title report done. On August 30, 2024, I received a voicemail from Tan stating he had received my preliminary letter and wanted to know how to clear up the violations. I tried returning his call, and I received his voicemail. I was not able to leave a voicemail. On September 23, 2024, I received an email from the property owner stating, hello, Paula Waldo, this is Mrs. Lee. I'm out of the office until October 1st. He also asked me yesterday if you would like, if you would write out what you need instead of a conference call, please let me know until he comes back and we'll have a call with you or lay out the kind of plans, then I will order them and have the company and not wait. Thank you. That was from Ben Nguyen. And I replied to the email stating, Ben, what the plans need to show is how the residents went from a three-bedroom, one-bath to a six-bedroom, six-bath. On December 4, 2024, at 7 a.m., I arrived at the single-family residence, I took photos, updated the case files and sent the third housing monitoring fee for the willful disregard of orders or notices of violations issued by a city agency or commission authorized to issue such orders or notices and failure to comply with the notice and order. This is the monitoring fee being appealed here today. On March 14, 2025, the property owner submitted for a building permit. Counterstaff sent back the submittal stating, your submittal has been reviewed and deemed incomplete. On April 3, 2025, the permit RES2506543, the permit for interior remodel, is now in the applied status pending payment or plan review fees. Invoice will send to the applicant and owner pending the payment. Today, I would like to, I'm recommending that the staff adopt the decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 2623 41st Street, Sacramento, California 95817, parcel number 01400840220000. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Nguyen. You may begin. Yes, you may begin. And please make sure that the mic is on. Is it lit up in green? Okay. Yes, my name is Nguyen. Yes, we're now ready to hear your appeal. Yes. This summarizing of the process between July and until now actually is missing several times that we either call by phone and some other email back and forth between me and Mr. Lovarro concerning how to proceed to comply with the notice. And I have been trying to get in touch with a lot of others, architectural service or rafting service to bring the plan and to submit, but it's obviously take a lot of time. And I have used two different ones because one is trying to generate the plan as is and one is trying to bring back to the original one. So that's why the whole process takes that long. And in March we have a plan submitting and it goes through the planning and the building now has several comments on it and the service that I retain is working on it. And they will resubmit it soon because I understand that it may involve into some raising behind the bathroom and so it may involve into some structural engineering report on it. So in general, my appealing for this is in general when we receive several notice, the language in those notice is very confusing. I thought that when I receiving it and we pay the initial fine and we get in touch with the inspector telling him that we in the process of retaining the service and so on and pay the fine, which we already pay about $1,600 something in last year August, then the whole process will stop. But I keep receiving every month about $1,000 penalty plus $380 on the monitoring fee. And today I still do not understand how much money I owe because sometimes I receive a statement saying $4,000 something and then other time I receive $6,000 something and there's one time I come to the city and I talk with the people at the accounting and I told them how come it's like this and they say it's like I don't pay, each month I got to pay $1,000 penalty plus $380 on the monitoring fee. I told them I tried my best and right now the service is very hard to get it on time but we get it rolling and Mr. Lovaro, somebody here is only about few e-mail but we actually leave message on the phone and sometimes I call, probably he didn't have a record of that but I may have some record of that also. And I explained to him that it may take a little time because this planning and drawing cannot be done very simply. And so today I understand that probably the appeals only concerned this amount, he is $385 or something but the whole money that I was fine and send the invoice for, I don't understand, it's probably more than $6,000 right now for this case. So I want to take this opportunity to find out exactly how much money I owe so far because it's so confusing. All the letters sent to me is kind of form letter, I read it, I don't understand. You know, I just never clear to me about it. We're considering the $380 monitoring fee at this hearing but I will ask just for information since he asks, is there a total that you all can supply him with at this time or does he need to see you afterwards? Something he can receive afterwards. So if you can email me, I can provide you some information on that. But is it that, it's about $6,000 something so far right now for that case? I don't know if it would be better if he gets a demand request, delineated and shows what he's already paid and what hasn't been paid, that would be a better way to go. I was also going to say the last note in here says that the permit that's been pulled is on hold because the permit hasn't been paid. So the permit hasn't even gone through. Is that still the truth? Well, the reality of that is that as he stated, they got a set of corrections for them. So there is a plan check wait which means they have to perform now to get those corrections answered and responded and resubmitted too. It looks like it did though. So it looks like it came back March 14th and then he submitted again April 3rd, but it says is now in applied status pending payment of plan review fees. Since that date he has paid. Okay. It's going through the process. Okay. Plan check. Okay. Wait. So yeah, we can't, this board doesn't have that information for the fees. So it sounds like if you email him, we can only talk to you about the $380 fee today. Yes, I understand that. But just like I say, I just want to take this opportunity to bring up this case that I was very confusing because everyone I received that and the cumulative is about $6,000 right now. And every letter has come with requests for appealing and so on. So every one of that and it just come late and come late. And I told Mr. Lovato that I've been doing all this, so why do you need any monitorings and any penalties? And the house I did is very nice and people living in it look plain about it. And I'm trying to bring it up to what the city wants me to comply. But if I just receiving some letter that I, you know, form letter that I don't understand, like I say, I repeat myself again. But as today, I thought of the amount that I owe the city is about $6,000, $8,000 maybe. And I don't understand how much. That probably includes the building permit fees though. No, no, that is just penalties for the housing, nothing about the plan fee at all. I can say this. He has not been charged an admin penalty since December. Okay. Because he was in this process, correct? So the only thing he's been receiving is a monitoring fee, which is required. And so he's in this process right now. He gets a monitoring fee, but he hasn't been penalized with an admin penalty since December. So the ball is in his court now to return and answer all of those questions that they wrote them up on the corrections. And then your process can move forward from that point. And as far as how much you owe, we can direct you on how to go through the process of requesting a list of what you actually owe. So you can see it all in one place. Okay. And review. So, and so, Mr. Nguyen, Mr. Cousins, as you've heard probably in prior cases today, there's been some leniency given in this case. It could be higher than what we're considering or even perhaps what you're looking at in totality. All right. So again, work with Mr. Lovato. This is a demand request, if that's what it's called. Get that so you can know the total. But tonight we're only considering the 380. I want to open up to the board. Mr. Boyd, perhaps you may have a question or comment. I do before we make a recommendation motion. Excuse me. Inspector Lovato, have you received or the city received the information on how a three bedroom, one bath turned into the multi six bedrooms and six baths? It was work without a permit. Thank you. Just had to have that answered. I'm fine. Thank you, Chair. I'll call for a motion. Well, I move that the board accepts the staff recommendation confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 2623-4143. $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 2623 41st Street, Sacramento, California, 95817 APN number 014 0084022 0000. Second. Yes. Boyd. Aye. Tablian. Yes. All right. In favor of the city for the total charge of $380, you receive formal notification of this decision in the mail with any other steps that you can take. But again, please work with Mr. Lovato and I believe Mr. Lovato, you can help him with the demand request as well. All right. And he will help you with all of that. All right. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. All right. We now call for item number 10, Inspector Jason Martinoni, 7721 Cotton Lane. Appellant is Sergey Lakhno. I hope I said that correctly. All right. Thank you. All right. One second and then the secretary will swear us in. I can have all parties for item number 10 for the property located at 7721 Cotton Lane. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Yes. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Martinoni. Housing and Dangerous Buildings Program Appeal Hearing Report to the Housing Code and Advisory Board. In the matter of agenda item number 10, case number 23-023129, property owner Sergey Lakhno, property address 7721 Cotton Lane, Sacramento, California 95758, parcel number 1170182014000. The hearing date is Wednesday, June 11th, 2025. City staff Jason Martinoni, the type of report, accounting of expense, special assessment. This case was opened on June 23rd, 2023. The case status is open. On July 19th, 2023, an initial inspection was performed at 10.20 a.m. I arrived at the single family residence due to the above complaint. Sacramento County referred. I am an appraiser working on this parcel. Improvements have been made to the property. We don't have record of permits. The house is much larger than we have on record. There is also a two-car garage on the property. We don't have record for it. I knocked on the door three times and there was no answer. I left my card on the front door. Photos were downloaded into the electronic case file. On July 19th, 2023, through May 20th, 2024, inspections were performed with no contact made with the occupants or the property owner. Due to the violations that were present and the complaint being referred to by Sacramento County, the case was not closed. On May 20th, 2024, a re-inspection was performed. Myself and building inspector Eli arrived at the location due to an additional complaint at the location of property dumping septic system sewage into a city drain. We located the storm drain at the front of the property that has two drains terminated into it. It appeared the drains had been added and were coming from the property. We could not confirm this. We contacted a man at the property that did not speak English. I provided him with my card and requested he have his son call me so we can discuss the present violations at the property. Photos were downloaded into the electronic case file. On June 10th, 2024, a re-inspection was performed. I arrived with building inspector Dan Lother and building inspector Tyron for the valuation inspection. The property owner was present. We went over the options of corrections of the violations. There has been unpermitted additions made to the main structure and there is an unpermitted detached garage on the property. September 17th, 2025, a re-inspection was performed. I arrived at the location to follow up on the present violations. I checked Excella and submittal PLN 24-03494 was submitted on August 15th, 2024. Due to the work being performed without the benefit of a permit, a notice and order was issued. Photos were downloaded into the electronic case file. This is the cost being appealed today. On June 2nd, 2025, at 9 a.m., this case was still open and there has been a submittal to obtain a permit, RES-2502140. The permit status was in Plan Check Target. The staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charges of $1,597.50 for the notice and order on the property known as 7721 Cotton Lane, Sacramento, California 95758, APN 117018201400. CDD invoice, CDDCH C20586. Termination cost $190. Notice and order $1,360 and a title fee of $47.50 with a total of $1,500. This report was submitted by Jason Martignone, Building Inspector for Housing and Dangerous Buildings. Thank you. Mr. Lacknell, you may begin. Can I mention something? The case opened in 2023, but we didn't know about it until June 3rd, 2024. I know Jason went to the house on May 20th, right Jason? I think around that, 2024. We were not in town. When we got back, we contacted him right away, which I believe it was June 3rd. So about two weeks after he came to the house after he talked to my father-in-law. But it was open for a whole year and we didn't know about it. No one contacted us. They might have left something there, but since we don't live at that house, we weren't aware. For me, it looks like it's been open since May last year, because the previous year we didn't even know about it. Yeah, I think everything sounds pretty good. But we just tried to see if we could eliminate the fee because we already had $8,000 something. We were told today that we need to pay another $3,400 because the city wants us to hire an engineer now. So it will bring our total cost just for the paperwork. $9,000 something. About $9,000 now. We're not done yet, which is very hard because we did lose a lot of business and our income totally went down. It's hard to. We want to solve it, but it's just difficult right now. We're in the process and we hired an architect. We hired one right away in June last year. He was no good, so we had to find another one where we lost a few weeks over there. But we already paid to the new architect. We hired him on July 2nd of last year. He was doing the design plans for the house. We did a building permit submission in August of last year. It has just been complicated because we don't know how that works. It has been back and forth with the architect and the city. But we do try to solve it. We also did already the plan check. We're working on that and there was some correction. That's why they want us to hire the engineer now. It's a bit tough, but we're hoping that you can help us with the fees. We don't have to pay so much. Sell our kidneys. We're not selling those. Thank you. I do have a question. Who lives at that property? You didn't find out for a year. Who was living there for that year? We had another family living there. It's a rental property? Yes. It wasn't registered with the rental housing inspection program? I don't know about it. I think it came on later. Rental housing inspection has been around for over a decade. That's why you're supposed to notify. The tenants never gave you the notices or anything? No, they didn't. I don't know if anything came in the mail. I would think if something would come in the mail, they would give it to us. Okay. Because they did attach. Where was it? The sign? It's trying to load. Where it went. But I guess that's the problem is it's been two years now. And one of our jobs is to understand whether or not the city, the costs for the city are just. So what's the 30 Felden Court? That's what we live here. I can say this though. As far as the rental housing is concerned, I'm not sure how or what relative lived there, but if a relative that's qualified that lives there, they can get what they call an exempt status. And it's currently listed as exempt, albeit it was. Yeah, it has surges lengthen those name layers. So it could have been exempt from a relative. Okay. They put it in an exemption form saying that it wasn't being rented at that time. Would you repeat that, Chief? They put an exemption form in. It looks like it was filed in 2020. But the unit is not for rent. That was 2020. Yes, 2020 when they sent that in. I think that's the last one. Okay. So still on top of that, though, even then you didn't change the address, your mailing address for the property. So it's been two years now. We always get the bills for the city of Sacramento and all those bills that always go to our main residents. So there should not nothing. It would be whatever you filed. When you get no mail. So that's why I'm surprised that we never got anything like I didn't even know that the case was open. Twenty twenty three. That would have made our life a bit easier. When you open the case, where did you send it? Well, actually, due to this being referred from County Assessor's Office, I was trying to make contact before I sent anything out in order to get a full evaluation of the description of work. So I did not send the prelim letter until six, 17, 24. OK, I had contacted them. So although the case has been, I was also out for six months because I had back surgery. So it sat. And then once I made contact with Sergey, we were able to do the full violation and the evaluation. And at that point, I sent out the preliminary letter because I had all the proper violations. OK, and then I gave them extra time before I sent the notice in order because I knew it was going to take extensive plans and drawings because of the modifications that had been made to the house. So is this the only charges for this property? Well, right now, they have had their submittal and it's been going and we weren't waiting on them. So I believe they do have two other monitoring fees. And they were just giving back corrections, I believe, on 6-6-25 for the last submittal. So they're going to need to get those corrections back in because it's going to be coming up for a monitoring fee. But because they had a submittal where they were waiting on us, all I did was give them the monitoring fee, no admin penalties. OK, so you still, I mean, you still have the monitoring, but then just this is the one. Just the monitoring because they had a valid submission in with the submittal. So I will definitely give you, it sounds like of the two years, it's been about at least a year, though, solid that the case has been open. OK, I have no other questions. Yes, thank you, Chair. Chief Lemos, if you could, if you have that information, when an exemption is given in the rental property program, how long does that exemption last? Well, the exemption can last as long as the status is the same when it changes hands and or the situation where their family moves out or whatever. They are required to notify the rental. So we don't necessarily go back out and try to verify anything unless something changes. Gotcha. So they put in for the request saying that there's not being rented. We give them the exempt and then it just case on hold. Gotcha. So and then in this case in 2023, when there was somebody there as a renter at that point, property owner was to notify the city that the property is now a rental property and should be listed in the rental property program. Correct. Thank you. Thank you. I just wanted to make sure on that. And so at that time in 2023, when the property, I don't know when the tenant came in, but this is when you were the violation happened in 2023 was that July 19th. At that point, had you guys then submitted the property as a to the rental property program with the County of Sacramento. So right now is the property. In the rental property with Sacramento County of Sacramento. So it's still. Okay, so it's so it never got listed during the time you had a tenant. Yeah, I'm not sure the rental property would have changed Jason's actions. He was still trying to confirm the violations. Right. That's why he was hanging cards on the door and asking somebody to call so he could actually get in and confirm what the violations actually even exist. No, I thank you, Chief. I understand that. I was just saying if it was list the property listed in the rental property program, we would have had an address which all information would have went to the property owners address and there would have been notification to where we didn't know because it wasn't mailed to us. That's what I was just trying to walk out. But I'm with you on that. Yeah, no, there looks like they're mailing address on Feldenkort was always correct. You're still listed as the property owner. Jason was only at the property just trying to verify the violations. And once this time came back and then when he caught back up, then he actually contacted them and started the process then. So the first two or three contacts were only at the property trying to verify. I think I appreciate it. There were no notices sent or anything else. Oh, no, that's what I was missing because I couldn't understand as was stated for a whole year. They were a year that they were unaware that this was going on. I think Jason stated was what? No, yeah, that's why I was stating that the I waited until I made contact with them in order to send out the preliminary letter. So that is true. So in the built into that was the best. The amount of time the case has been open isn't a true reflection because I'm also dealing with the county as far as trying to get the property into compliance. And I need an accurate, you know, I need an accurate account of what's been added and stuff like that. I could have sent the preliminary letter out right away with just the two car garage. And I didn't I went until I contacted them. We did the inspection. I assessed all the value all the violations. No, I'm with you. I was just walking. No, I just want to let you know that, yes, I did not send the preliminary letter into until six seventeen twenty four, which they did, I believe, get at their mailing address. So because the case was open, you know, it's been open as long as it has. That's not a true reflection of it is because the case was open. But the preliminary wasn't preliminary was not letter was not saying just about a year ago. Seventeen twenty four. Yes, sir. Right. Yes, sir. Because I needed to cross my teeth and dot all my eyes. Just walking it out for my own satisfaction, gratification or satisfaction, I guess. I guess you're better. The one quick or quick, but one less question. Oh, you know what? I asked that question. The. I'm fine. No more questions. Thank you, Chair. There's no for me. Right. Motion from the board. Sorry, no sidebar. I just talking to myself to making the screen bigger. I'm sorry. Thank you very much. Yeah, I'm still not so. Technically, it got to this screen. Sorry, folks. But I will make the motion for staff's recommendation that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of one thousand five hundred ninety seven dollars fifty cents for the notice and order on the property known as seven seven two one Cotton Lane, Sacramento, California, nine five seven five eight nine five seven five eight. Excuse me. APN number one one seven zero one eight two zero one four zero zero zero zero. All second. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. I. And Tablion. Yes. Right. So we have found in favor of the city for the total charge. You will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail with any next steps that you may be able to take. All right. Thank you. So how does it work with the monitoring? I wonder if everything is in process, it's not our site that's not holding up. It's just, you know, architect and the city are working and I'm meanwhile being charged. You know, yes, I'll defer that question to one of the city staff. You definitely have to work with Jason. So long as you guys are in good communication, then he will set up the times for monitoring things like that to not charge fees as long as it's not in your lap waiting for corrections, things like that. That's what Jason's job is to work with you guys on that. The monitoring fees are just for the hard cost of me going out and monitoring the property because the work had been performed without a permit. A lot of times we also issue admin penalties, which started a thousand gold all the way up to five thousand. Is it possible we can have you just explain that to him on the. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you. Right. All right. We're now moving to housing and dangerous bills, case costs recovery uncontested. I'll ask the secretary to call these. Oh, right. Uncontested. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, I heard her. I heard him. Item number eleven. The following lines shall be heard as blanket items. City staff recommends that the board adopt a adopted decision confirming the total charge noted by each agenda line for the expenses incurred by the city in the enforcement of the provisions of the housing code and or dangerous building code with respect to the property known by the physical address and or personal number APN as noted within the agenda line for item number eleven lines one through seven lines nine through one twenty six and lines one twenty eight through one forty five. So move. Six. Fisher. Yes. Boyd. And Tablion. Yes. That concludes all of our business for this evening. All right. Any board comments? All right. If not, wait. Hey, so I'm trying to go home. Yes. Oh, no, I'm OK. OK. Meeting adjourned. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.