appointed by the mayor with approval of the City Council. Your board members are myself, Brandon Fisher, who's serving tonight as the chair, as well as Mr. Entablin, who is not here, Mr. Boyd, Mrs. O'Brien, and Mr. Ahmad. We also have Leah Billings, who serves as the secretary to the board, Peter Lemos, code and housing enforcement chief, Bo Cosley, principal building inspector, Arvindakar, council to the board. I will now ask the secretary to call the roll. Here. Boyd. Here. O'Brien. Here. Let us now stand for the land acknowledgement and pledge of allegiance. Please rise for the opening acknowledgement in honor of Sacramento's indigenous people and tribal lands. To the original people of this land, the Nisanan people, the Southern Maidoo, Valley and Plains Miwok, Patwin-Winton peoples, and the people of the Wilton Ranch area, Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe. May we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside us today on these ancestral lands by choosing together today in the act of practice of acknowledgement and appreciation for Sacramento's indigenous people's history, contributions, and lives. Thank you. Let's now turn our attention to the flag for the pledge of allegiance. May we see it? As we begin, I would like to explain the reason for this hearing. For item two, we are here to determine whether the owners of the buildings and structures in the cases before us this evening have violated the provisions of chapter 8.96, the Dangerous Buildings Code, or chapter 8.100, the Housing Code of the Sacramento City Code. The question here is was the property in violation of the City Code at the time the notice in order was issued and was the notice in order properly issued? If it is shown by a preponderance of the evidence that an owner has violated the Dangerous Buildings Code or the Housing Code, then this board will issue a written decision ordering the owner to correct the dangerous or substandard conditions or demolish the building within a reasonable time. The board's decision will direct the time within which the work must be started and when the work must be completed. If the owner decides to do the work required and the work is progressing in a reasonable manner, the city inspector may grant an extension of time not to exceed an additional 120 days to complete the project. However, if the owner fails to comply with the terms of the decision, then the city may repair, secure, or demolish the building or structure and the cost incurred for this work may be made a personal obligation of the property owner and either a nuisance abatement lien or a special assessment against the property. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. Items three through six, we are here to consider the expenses incurred by the city in the notice and order and the repair, demolition, or securing of any building or structure done in the Housing and Dangerous Buildings cases before us together with any protest or objection. The question here is are the fees, costs, or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? This board may revise, correct, or modify the proposed charges as we deem just. Once this board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges. Any written protest or related information received have been forward to us for consideration in our decision. You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. Our decision will be forwarded to the city council for a determination whether this hearing was conducted in accordance with the city code. We will now begin with our agenda. Approval of the minutes for December 11th, 2024. Thank you. Don't worry, folks, I flunked Evelyn Wood's speed reading class, but I'll be quick. I'll make a motion to approve the minutes of December 11th, 2024. Yes. Yes. Wade. Aye. Bryan. Yes. Now moving to item number two. The secretary will swear in appellants and city staff prior to each case. Right, so this is for Sam. Seeing revocable living trust. Thank you, and Jason Poole, yes, thank you. David Abraham, thank you. All parties for item number two for the property at 1717 19th Street, please raise your right hand and answer the following question. The colony swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. The homes, thank you, and again. 382, property owner. 0-0-1. 0-0-1. Case was opened on October 28th, 2024. Current case status is open. Initial inspection was performed on 10-28-2024 by building inspector Bruce Holmes. Inspection identified the property was in violation of Sacramento city code section. 896110L. Whenever any building or structure has been constructed, exists, or is maintained in violation of any specific requirements or prohibition. Applicable to such building or provided by regulatory regulations specified in title eight, in title 15 of this code or of any law or ordinance relating to the condition location or structure of building. Case chronology, a temporary alfresco dining structure at this location that was allowed to be constructed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic had been previously identified as a structure that needed to be either moved or legalized following the city council action that ended the pandemic emergency and provided a timeframe for removal or legalization of all alfresco structures that had been constructed over the public right of way. The case was established on 10-28-2024 and was detected and verified as being valid and no active building permit application was found on the parcel for anything. The Kim why you you there's properly for the Center would not The applicant received the information being presented this evening by hand delivery at the site the day after the issuance of the notice and order on October 29th. Staff recommends the board adopt a decision, the property owner to complete the required permits, complete the construction and legalization of the alfresco dining structure, thus correcting the dangerous condition or demolishing the structure within. Thank you Mr. Holmes. Mr. Poole and Mr. Abramson, you may begin. I would like to thank Mr. Holmes actually. We've got him, David Gold, his chief of staff with Councilmember Pluckybaum. We are looking to start working together to try and have a better understanding of how this has been going. We had a, well we'll just call it extortion from our landlord, that basically took us to get the permit. When the alfresco permit originally went into play, the landlord's signature was not required to apply and then after we did so they required it and he basically just, ten months later we finally got through that. We've done the litigation and now we're just looking to get to the next step. So I did want to make a quick note that that's not our facility. That picture is not us, but I am not denying the fact that we have been given the information, just that is not accurate. So we don't have copper on our bar, but just so you know. But that being said, I appreciate what they've said and we are very excited to get this all permitted and moving forward and we were just asking for more time to do so, which it sounds like we have basically been told that that is what the city is about. So, we're trying to make it right and we're looking forward to operating as we have. Thank you. Any questions from the board? I'm just going to say that makes it easy. A couple questions. On the picture that you just held up, I'm trying to find it, what page number is that? Oh I'm sorry, it's just the picture of where the packet's being handed off, the hand delivery NNO. Page, I'm sorry, one, well this says 104, but I don't believe it was handed to you as one. It looks like there's a copper bar top with some watermark stains, but we don't actually have a copper bar top, so that wouldn't be our facility. But again, I'm not negating that we were given the information, I just wanted to make clear that this is not actually the photo of our facility. You received the notice in order and you knew what you needed to do. We did, yeah, certainly. And this is actually in the middle of when we were going through litigation, so we weren't able to continue with our permitting process while we were in the litigation. So that was a very long drawn out, long lawyer drawn out thing. But through that we have all the approvals that we need and we're fine, we're going to survive, but we're just 60 days to get through the remainder of the process and we'll be happy to hopefully find a happy medium that doesn't revolve complete plastic surgery of a deck. Let me ask a question. Let me come this way. Oh, sorry. No problem. As was just stated, they were continuing with the actual owner of the building and during that process, as was stated, they could not move forward with the permitting because they were in litigation with the owner which was outside of what they were being cited for. So, go ahead. Okay. Yeah, making sure that... Actually, I appreciate that and I'm glad you walked it through. So, I'll put a finer point on it so everybody's understanding with what was cited has absolutely nothing to do with the litigation that you were going through. Citing, no, not at all. Just to the explanation. If I may finish, please. Oh, sorry. So, it has nothing to do with the litigation you were going through with the owner and as was stated, your first and middle four permit was in fact not accepted and waiting for revisions too. So that was, as I'm understanding it, is what was flowing the permitting process and nothing to do with your litigation with your owner. Just so for clarification, so nobody is confused on this. So to that, again, everyone's looking to get through and make this happen. I'll hold my next question and record over here if anyone. I have a question for Art. So, one, there is a typo in the report. I think you have 2025 instead of 2024. Does that need to be corrected on the record or is that just, I'm just curious about typos. I'm talking to the, oh, what was I looking at? Oh, page three. You were transitioning. Totally understandable. Totally understandable. Obviously, we're not in October of 2025 yet. The board would like to issue a correction as a part of their motion. I think they can do that. Yeah. Okay. Great. Other questions from the board? Is there a motion? Oh. Is there a motion? Oh. Didn't hit the green light. There may be discussion with the chief down here. I'll leave that up to you to see if further questions or a question may be warranted. If not, I'm good. I was just saying you two were in discussion. I didn't know if you two had any question or not. And I was telling Brandon if he wanted to address you guys by all means. Is there a motion? I will make a motion to adopt a decision in line with the staff's recommendation that the property owner is in violation. The property is in violation of provisions of Chapter 8.96 that we are ordering the property owner to complete and obtain the required permits, complete the construction and legalization of the Alfresco dining structure, thus correcting the dangerous conditions or demolishing the structure within 60 days of the date of this decision, and also ordering that if the property owner fails, refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous conditions or demolish the structure. Actually, I'm going to take that back. Within 60 days, is that reasonable? Is that reasonable? Do we need to? I'm going to drop this 60 days. They just need to go through the process. That's what basically we're saying is do what they need to do to get their permit. And if the owner fails, refuses or neglects to correct the dangerous condition by permitting and legalizing or demolishing the structure within the time set forth, then the City of Sacramento may repair, demolish or secure the structure or institute an action to compel compliance with the order. For the property known as 1717 19th Street, doing business as Midtown Spirits. Question for your motion. As your warning for the time set forward, so what you asked to eliminate the 60 days, but you didn't state a time set forward. I missed it. I didn't. What a reasonable time is. Mr. Or Miss Lewis, can you? Are you David Gold? Yes, you would need to come and be sworn in. Raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth? Thank you, Mr. Go. You may speak. I'm the chief of staff to council member Phil Pluck, which Midtown Spirits is located in. I've. Office and. Ironman and some of the other city departments. This is probably a bigger project than. Isolated to Midtown Spirits. What I'm asking for is that we allow time for our office. We just took office in December, so we're very new at this, but we want to help to guide and and get these businesses into compliance. We're not trying to ask for any special treatment. I want to help get all of the businesses that are going through the al fresco permitting process. Get them the information they need, answer questions and bring the departments and the businesses together so that we can find a solution. And I feel like we need more than 60. Mr. Gold, any questions for Mr. Gold? The board. Do you have an idea of can you give us a time frame? 90 days. Maybe Mr. Pool. The one thing I did want to add to that is the first of all, the first time we submitted the reason is rejected as I accidentally put our information on the owner line as opposed to tenant line. That was the only reason it was kicked back. Once we made that correction, it was. The corrections were supposed to be sent to us by December 12th. We have still not received corrections from the forestry department, so we are still waiting on one correction notice from that. Again, I completely understand that 60 days is a sufficient amount of time. If we have all the information, we will do our best to get to that point. But obviously, as as so Brian had stated, if we were given the ability to work within the constraints of the requirements of the resubmittal and staying on track with that, I guarantee you we're going to be on top of that. Especially with the assistance of Mr. Office. Even most code housing enforcement chief. I want to make sure the board understands we're not here to discuss city policy or overall policy. The al fresco permitting within the city of Sacramento. We're here to discuss the notice order for the specific date for the specific property. 60 days is a reasonable amount of time for him to get through the completion of the process to get his permits and respond back to public works with the specific property. Public works with that. If there is an extension, public works would notify them of extension because they're working diligently to move forward. We're dealing with one that has violations. Obviously, if there's corrections on the plans that need to be done, things like clearance of sidewalks, clearance of corners, illegal electrical, things like that. We want to focus on the one property, give him adequate time to finish his permitting process to work with public works, get it legalized. We don't want to try to bring something into our case that has nothing, no relevance of it. I do understand that. I will have to say this language is actually a little different than I'm familiar with and what we've done. Putting those timeframes on and then saying that the city may come and demolish it if they don't complete it, that's a little what I was struggling with. If you would be open to a friendly amendment to your motion and included the 60 days and as the chief has just stated, if additional time is needed, additional time can be requested for said work. Would you be open to the friendly amendment? Yes. All right. Thank you. And so I will. I'll second that motion with the friendly amendment. Bringing back into the timeframe of the 60 days of the date of the decision for work to be done. And if work isn't done, of course, the process allows for additional time. A month after requesting from the individual. Yes. Yes. So Mr. Poole and Mr. Abramson, the board did find in favor of the city and you will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. And we do. We did add that we allow for an extension beyond the 60 days if needed. But again, you'll receive all of that information in the mail. Thank you. All right. Now, call an item number three, three, eight, four, one, Clay Street. Yes. All right. Good evening. Richard Liker, I'm supervising. One second. The secretary needs to sway you in. I just wanted to do a quick reminder to speak close to the mic and clearly, please. I can have all parties or item number three for the property located at 3841 Clay Street. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Jesse. Second. The matter of agenda item number three, case number two, three dash zero. Property owner is Javier Seja. Maria Teresa Garcia, a. Property address is 3841 Clay Street. Parcel number 251 0071 003 0000. And the counting of expenses for a special assessment case was opened March 27th of 2023. Current status is still open. March 27th, 2023, Mr. Jensen went to the property to do an initial inspection after the building violations were found during an earlier code enforcement inspection warrant. On arrival, he knocked on the door several times with no answer. At that time, took some front elevation photographs and some pictures of some building violations that could be seen from the public right of way. Left his business card at the front door requesting a call back. On April 6th, 23, he returned to the property to see if he could contact the property owners before sending a preliminary letter. He was unable to contact the property owners at that time. Left another business card requesting a call back from the owner. April 10th, preliminary letter was sent to the property owners. And one of the property owners, Javier, called him and agreed to meet on the property the following day to do an inspection of the property. On April 11th, 23, Mr. Jensen met with the property owner, Javier, at the property to discuss the building violations on his property. On arrival, he informed the owner that the eight foot high, 50 foot long CMU wall on the north side of the property requires a permit with plans and drawings. I also explained to him at that time that the straw circuit and the branch circuit running to the back of the property needed to be removed or a permit obtained and that it meets minimum code requirements. I also discussed the dry rot that was present under the roof eaves and walls and what needed to be repaired to meet minimum code compliance. At that time, I told the property owner I would be adding the violations as found today to the violation list. On April 17th, property owner Javier called to inform Mr. Jensen that he received the preliminary letter with the violations list. He requested I call him back to set up a permit. On April 18th, met the property owner at the property to discuss the building violations on the property and repair the violations on the property. The property owner informed that he wants to keep the CMU wall and will obtain plans and drawings to get a design professional to pull the permits that are required. Mr. Jensen told him that he would follow up in a month or so to check on progress. June 5th of 23, Mr. Jensen checked on the permit progress on the property, didn't find any results. He called the property owner and left a message requesting a call back. Between June 5th and October 25th, Mr. Jensen made several attempts to contact the property owner to see if the unapproved CMU wall on the north side of the property had been removed or any of the violations had been addressed and repaired. He knocked on the front door but nobody answered. He also noticed that the CMU wall was still standing and there had been no progress towards compliance on any of the violations from the public. October 25th, Mr. Jensen went to the property to see if he could contact the property owner if he removed the unapproved wall or made any of the repairs since he had been there before. He knocked on the front door but again nobody answered. He also noticed that the wall is still standing and there has been no progress towards compliance. October 26th, Mr. Jensen went to the property owner or sent the property owner a notice and order after several repeated attempts to contact the property. November 6th, Mr. Jensen went to the property to discuss the matter. He informed Mr. Seja that he would be sending him an email with a hyperlink for the permit services. He explained the needed plans and drawings if he wants to legalize the CMU wall. November 13th, Mr. Jensen emailed the property owner to contact information for permits. January 12th, 2024, Mr. Jensen went back to the property to see if he could contact the property owner. There had been no activity since his last re-inspection. He left his business card at the front door requesting a callback. April 12th, 2024, he returned to the property to see if the wall had been reduced to less than 3'6 or removed completely or if the property owner obtained a building permit for the wall as it was built. On arrival, he found no change in the wall and there wasn't a permit or a permit progression. April 16th, 2024, he sent a monitoring fee to the property owners. June 17th, 2024, he went to the property again and the property owner wasn't returning any calls to see if the alleged CMU wall had been cut down or removed. On arrival, he could see that there was no change in the wall or listed violations in the front of the property. He knocked on the front door and nobody again answered. April 16th, 2024, he sent the property owners a housing dangerous buildings monitoring fee. July 25th, he went to the property again to see if he could contact the property owner. He found at that time that the CMU wall was still standing. He took the same step to the wall and took the same elevation. August 1st, 2024, he sent a housing dangerous buildings monitoring fee to the property owners. August 2nd, the monitoring fee was posted at the front of the property. September 18th, he returned to the property to see if he could contact the property owner. He had made numerous attempts to contact the PO, the property owner, with no response. November 23rd, after several attempts to contact the owner, he sent a Level C administrative penalty, was imposed on the property. Staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 3841 Clay Street, parcel number 251-007-1003-0000. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Mr. Say-Hi, you may begin. Let me begin by saying that I cannot believe what I'm hearing. And how do we get to this point? I have been a victim of racial harassment by criminal, corrupt criminals. I work on this department. Jose Mendez, Hiddle Lemon, Tom Pease, and Sean Lolo Lee. Why am I calling these people corrupt criminals? They don't respect a decision that was made back in 2014. There was no violations at all. I have the copy of this letter. Hiddle Lemon is a corrupt criminal that is running a scheme. He told me himself he would do anything, he would put all kinds of charges to get me out of my property, to take all my stuff, which in fact he already stole my work truck with all my tools, knowing that he would bring down my business. I have a small business, landscaping business. He told him that we are a low-income family and he didn't care. He affected my family. I really suffer now from health is deteriorated, sleep at night. When there, like I was the biggest criminal with a bunch of cops to remove property, knowing that he was going to hurt my business, only source of income. Right now I don't have a job, I struggle to get any income. This man sitting in front of me, he had a meeting, tried to have a dialogue, they can at least respect the decision letter. I understand the laws, if there's any corrections that had to be made, I honor them. Arrogant, racist. We need to focus on the current violations. We need to focus on the current violations that have resulted. I need to be investigated. Somebody, because I've been trying to reach any help. In fact, I already talked to Roger Dickinson. I got a letter from him. He told me he was going to take care of it. So far I haven't had any answers yet. Children are at risk. They broke my gas line and they knew it. They didn't report it to PG&E to get a fix. We were at risk, my whole neighborhood was at risk. Now, he doesn't respect their own decisions. And he's making up, he's fabricating claims. About this wall, this is a neighbor's fence, which means, has to be handled by two property owners. Why is not my neighbor here to share the cost of getting the permits? I would gladly do it if I know that these corrupt criminals are not working in this department. Because this is just one of several fabricated items that they made. They have all kinds of liens, all kinds of beads. After it was all cleared out, why was it cleared out before? Are you referring to... I complained that there was a racist person making up charges. They did send somebody to check to see if there was any violations at all. They found zero. Now, all of a sudden, when I started looking for help, they were making claims, making lots of claims. Like I said, this is just one of many. Mr. Sayha, if I may, again, we are here to discuss whether or not, specifically, the fees are... I want to read specifically. The question here is, are the fees costing or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? You've kind of gave us a lot of rhetoric and name calling. We don't consider that here. You would need to take that up with the proper venue. This is not the proper venue for that. We are considering the $380... Let me make sure I got the terminology right. Monitoring fee. Monitoring fee. The question is, again, are the fees, costs, or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? We're not here to talk about racial harassment or any of that. We're here to specifically talk about, are the fees, costs, or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified? There is a wall, and I have a question about that, but there's a wall that is in violation to the city code. All right? That, this case is still open. Let me make sure I'm reading. This case is still open. This is going on two years. It's been there forever. I didn't build this wall. It was there. I understand that, but... I understand that if it's out of code, but this is a shared obligation for two property owners. So, I'm fine by, you know, getting the permit and whatever it takes. This has to be a shared obligation for my neighbor and me. Why should I be the only one responsible? And that was my question for the city. Is this in fact a shared wall that both property owners need to be aware of to fix this violation? It is not commonly a shared wall. The wall is placed on one of the two properties. If it's on Mr. Sage's property, it's his wall. They're typically called good neighbor fences just to keep neighbors friendly out of sight. But there is no requirement for a good neighbor fence. This wall is not of standard construction like a fence. This is considered a wall, which has some restrictions as far as what needs to have a permit. Anything, a CMU wall, a concrete masonry unit over three foot six from the bottom of the foundation needs to have a permit and inspections. Being a six foot high, it's either got to be reduced to three foot six or removed. Thank you. Any other questions from the board? So, initially there were other violations cited in the notice and order. Are those violations still in existence? The notice and order is still in place, yes. So the city has not been able to verify any corrections to the items listed in the notice and order. It's not just the wall. There's additional? No, there's dry rot on the surfaces underneath the eaves and the exterior wall surfaces. There was some electrical run that is not up to code standards. The rear spa byline. Right, and those were included in the packet that we were provided. And so it appeared that there were, in addition to the wall, there are other violations still pending. Any other questions, Mr. Boyd? Excuse me. One second, hold on. Let me see if Mr. Boyd has a question or questions. All right. Yes, Mr. Sayha. Now, they've been doing a lot of complicated stuff. Some of this is true. There was a little bit of, I would say, dramatic stuff that needed to be done. It was very, because it wasn't a danger to anybody. Back in March 23, after they stole my property, they went back to do this inspection. They said that they were there many times and they tried to reach me. That is not true. I have been the one calling, go back and check, corrections, and they haven't been there. I submitted pictures of those corrections. Submitted to the lady that gave me the... So they said they've been there so many times and they never took pictures of this correction. They said they call me, don't leave any messages. One time, I was lucky to get a hold of Mr. Allen. He said that he was being pressured by three people above him. So, the scheme. Mr. Sayha, again, you're under oath. So are you saying that you have corrected these violations? I submitted the pictures. You have corrected these violations. Yes, they are corrected. There are additional in the file. Mr. Chair, there's a secondary case that's a code enforcement case that has something, issues that have to do with other than buildings or structures. So we have two cases right now. The case that we're dealing with right now is the CMU wall, the electrical, and the deteriorated paint and surfaces. The other code enforcement case revolved around junk and debris, abandoned cars, or anyway, other violations that are other than building code. All right, thank you. There does appear to have been some corrections made to some of the dry rod and other type of... According to the photographs that I have, and you should have copies of them, none of those have been taken care of. Okay. But regardless, this inspection fee, this monitoring fee was... The action by the city that resulted in this fee occurred back in October, correct? I think that's what I saw. August 2nd. At the time of that inspection, the violations were still in existence, and that was why the fee was charged. Yes. So you do understand that what was just stated, so at the time of the violations, the time of the monitoring fee, you were still in violation. So at that point, the reason why you...the reason why we are here is that violation. And as what was already stated, there's two different ongoing cases to that property. We are here for the monitoring fee, and it sounds...I just heard two monitoring occurrences have happened, but only one is being... The fee amount is only being asked for one at $380 total. So you're not being asked for the second monitoring fee at this time. That's why we're here for the one monitoring fee. All the extriniating circumstances that you had brought up is information between you, the Sacramento Police Department, and whoever else you involved there. We are simply here in regards to the violation for the monitoring fee of $380. And with that, I'd like to make the motion... ...for staff's recommendation that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed by the city on the property known as APN 25100710030000. Second. Fisher? Yes. Boyd? Aye. O'Brien? Yes. Mrs. Sayhaw, the board has found in favor of the city you will receive formal notification of our decision in the mail. So please work with these individuals on resolving this issue as monitoring fees can continue to accrue, if I'm correct. So please work with them so that you can get those rectified, those violations. And you'll receive all this information in the mail. Why am I only one responsible for this wall? As was stated, the wall is on your property. You are the owner. The wall is in my property. We've found in favor of the city. So what you can do is you can work with these individuals on resolving and rectifying these violations. And they can answer any questions that you may have. Because we're not employees of the city, so we wouldn't have that information. I'm sure if you get that information, they will work with you to resolve these violations. Well, I've been trying to get a hold of them. They never answered before. Every time I go up to talk to somebody, I get insulted. They treat me with disrespect. Sometimes they don't even talk to me. Mr. Seha, as the chair has stated, we've made our decision. The decision is forthcoming in the mail. If you do have any questions, one of the administrative people can assist you. For anything outside of that, it sounds like you've already started to speaking to others to rectify and or look into those other allegations. As far as this board in this session goes, we've concluded our business here. No one is putting you down. No one is shuttling you off to understand what we're limited to do. The only thing we can do that this board does is hear what is brought before us. We've made a decision on that violation. So with that, we have concluded. How can you tell that this wall is in my property? Mr. Seha, again, we're not employees of the city. We don't do this on our regular lives. So you would need to speak with Mr. Lemos, Mr. Cosley, or these gentlemen to my left. You can get their information. I'm sure they have business cards and they'll be happy to speak with you further. We can't answer those questions. We've made our decision and you received formal notification of that in the mail. But please, they'll be happy to speak with you. We don't have those answers. We're just here to discuss the fees. So who can help me if they don't? Repeat that. Who's going to be able to help me if they don't want to listen? We cannot give out legal advice to our attorney. That's why she's staring at us. We can't answer that question to give you guidance nor legal advice as anybody else would. Someone that would have an issue, one would think, what do I need to do next and find that information out? Yes. Mr. Jansen is not here, but again, these gentlemen to my left will be happy to give you the information and you can speak with them further. I feel that they have been abusing me and will continue to do so. Nobody is taking responsibility for investigating this. The department. Thank you, Mr. Sayha. We're going to move to the next item. But again, before you leave, I would, is that correct, to get their information, to work with them on those violations. We're now going to item number four. Ludwig Morata. Joe Lawrence. The secretary will swear you in. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. The next item is parties for item number five for the property located at 119 Danville way. Please raise your right hand and answer the following question. under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth thank you I'm this body may begin like her supervisor and building inspector for the city of second I will be presenting the item number four and item number four I four zero property owner is Joe this was opened on July 8 by 19th of 20 property not complying Bible building inspectors verified to be valid and there were no signs of progress a building inspectors Amora or that Dave inspectors of more of issued a notice of order and a vacant building monitoring our entitled report were also requested you have a copy of the initial RH IP inspection checklist in your back October 6th of 2022 the case was reassigned to mr. Potter over 11th of 2022 mr. Murata arrived at the site and met with the property owner Joe Lawrence on arrival he observed the property owner working on cleaning out junk and debris left behind from the minor repairs throughout were needed and at this time he advised that the violations from the rental housing inspection will also need to be verified that they are completed prior to the home being so stated that he will have the property ready in about a month and that contact him once complete 11th of 2023 Prada received the first of five letters via from the property owner stating that he is refused I with the rip violation list obvious of the letters received of an reading the letter I left Joe of voicemail back to further discuss his options I received no return may 31st of 2024 product arrived on site at the property and met with the property owner briefly discussed the violations with Joe who kept stating that he will housing inspection couldn't have ever occurred due to the lack of reasoning and the owner expressing heightened emotions that inspection was ending roughly and he was unable to verify if any of the violations have been January 20th 23 number 12 of 24 no contact or attempts made on requesting property administrative penalties and monitoring fees were possibly every 30 days due to compliance HDB monitoring fee issue thousand 24 is being appealed here today number 27 2024 as of this date there has been no form to verify that all the violations have been resolved the property is now occupied that recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge of three hundred and eight property known as a back from California five eight three eight two six three zero three two two zero he was like mr. Lawrence even begin yes this all started in 2020 in the middle of a pandemic I was in the middle of an eviction everything got shut down this inspection the rental house inspection should never have happened it happened in the middle of the pandemic you can't tell me I can't rent my house and then conduct a rental house inspection product comes up I never give him a timeline when I was gonna repair the house I was recovering from a number of hangovers I simply didn't have the time I wasn't interested in spending twenty or thirty thousand dollars a unit to make repairs I simply had to do it on my time and for as a monitoring fee you're charging me for something that didn't happen and has never happened at least you finally figured out there was a person living there but even now I have a bill saying I'm supposed to pay a monitoring fee for January I have no I couldn't pay this bill if I wanted to I've have sees every time I get a bill it changes if I was to pay the bill I would never know when it was resolved never got anybody to make any sense out of this when this house got shut down people were able to live there for two and a half years rent free in it they were gone the city shows up and wants us rub salt in the wound I feel like I've paid enough leave me alone simple as that thank you mr. Lawrence any questions from the board oh one more thing in all that time all the taxes fees water bill everything was paid never once was it late there was no grass in the yard it looked just like any other house in the neighborhood I always has I don't feel I owe you nothing the HDB monitoring fee is authorized to be charged upon inspection or what what activity by city staff earns or costs the monitoring fee requirement policy to visit all of our monthly sections fires a cost recovery and that monitoring fee cost the city incurs mostly to offset the time and energy and make that potentially be an attempted inspection that you know the inspector was not able to get inside monitor progress or lack of progress okay so this fee that we're speaking of today is for September of 2024 correct and did the officer did the inspector actually visit the visit the site on September 4 yes that's not in the chronology that a visit was made and then it also the chronology indicates between January 20th of 2023 and December 12th of 2024 there was no contact or attempts yet the paragraph above it says that the inspector was on site in May of 2024 speaking and meeting with with the owner so I'm that's not an accurate statement what that paragraph says that or attempts made by the owner to contact mr. Morata that's what that means is that he didn't request a reinspection in that time frame he didn't provide any to see that he had complied with the notice I apologize I misread that any other questions yes thank you acting chair the mr. Lawrence opinion wants I feels doesn't matter actuality what matters is the violations that were noted so understanding rents were not collected when the pandemic was was going on this case did not start in 2020 this case was opened up again July of July 8th of 2022 at that point I don't know if they had I can't remember as well if the pandemic was speak up my apologies all like to me I sound like I'm speaking loud but I'm told I'd speak a little lower than what is so I'll just start again real quick it is not of one's opinion on when they'll do the the applicant will do the work the applicant is guided by the policy that the city has in regards to when work should be done the duration that you have opportunity for extending that amount of time if need be there isn't a column for well the owner doesn't feel like it or the owner will feel like it when we'll get the work done when the owner or the once my point being the violations that you have received your responsibility being that you're the homeowner understand no rent was collected during the pandemic we're not here for that what we are here for is just the one monitoring excuse me not the one monitoring fee a few items of monitoring fee in fact the trying to pull up the page my screen is not moving fast enough speaking of I told mr. Prada he could inspect the property anytime he want perfectly willing to fix anything wrong with the house which there was minor damage throughout the house even when that's the only good thing that happened all right it was no different anytime any tenant leave like I was saying that rental house inspection should not have happened at down the house any violations you found don't count willing to fix anything you want me to fix all this I don't even know what the bill is I've gotten so many bills and and they contradict one up mr. Lawrence mr. Lawrence you had your moment a moment ago so let me step back in the supervisor let me well Doug answered his question first the real inspections happen once a year and or in a rotation if you would just clarify when rental inspections happen in properties that are in the rental program I don't understand what I said excuse me excuse me if you would hold your thought for a moment thank you you they get spit out based on in the areas we're inspecting in ideally every three to four years but not no guarantee on that this particular inspection happened April 7th 2021 that found the violations from rental housing and the rental housing inspection program tried to get these violations corrected with the gentleman initially and then that's why it was turned over to housing in dangerous buildings after a year and they couldn't get any several life safety violations in according to the rental housing inspection report missing or you know non operational smoke detectors carbon monoxide detector and the door between the fire separation in the garage was missing those in itself or fire life safety issues they're showing no heat water leak so there were several items and they couldn't get compliance to rental housing and finds to rental housing it gets referred to housing in dangerous buildings gotcha and my computer screen just went kind of screwing and took me back to the last case if you would help me until I get this thing to work right again the the packet of violations were mailed to mr. Lawrence and you guys have that receipt returned delivery receipt from the post office right since mr. Lawrence said he doesn't know what we're speaking of in one form or one amount is different every time he looks at different paperwork up just making sure that it was delivered and received by the appellant you know hold on you in confirmation of receipt of mail you have that you I'm sorry but would you say it again a little slower for me you Patrick I have to receive a green card on that. It's valid. Notification. Thank you for that. Thank you for that. And then going back to your own. Thank you for that. And then going back to your own property. Thank you for that. Well, in order to be here, the admin has also received green card for this. Appreciate that. So as you just heard, Mr. Lawrence, you signed off or someone there at your property has signed off for the packets, packets, plural, at least four that have hit your door. At least four mailings from the city in regards to this case have reached your property. That is from the city I couldn't tell you how many I got. Right. They contradict themselves. Well, Mr. Lawrence, if I let me finish, they don't contradict themselves. They're additional information. So as time continues, the amount of the amount owed or the violations continue so that dollar amount will continue to grow until rectified. And we are here solely on the city's. I didn't mean money for some. I've been retired for 11 years. No need for anybody to monitor anything that you just figure out in September. Somebody was living there. She was there before then. Mr. Lawrence, the monitoring means it was just stated or was stated earlier. Monitoring means someone from the city came out to your property to see if the work had been started and or completed. That is the monitoring. We're not speaking of someone with a video camera staring at your property. It's one of the city in and out. Mr. Lawrence, it's been explained to you. It's. What the process is. What was presented. Well, as the notice. Monitor vacant building. Both of them are. Violations. Either one of them is official. Violation. It's the same case. So they have the same violation. It's. Lack of service. Because we have no idea where to send. By city code that a vacant building is considered properly noticed and served by posting. Order. So that's under the vacant building ordinance that sufficient service is a posting is a posting. And you're saying the vacant building ordinance also. Authorizes staff to list the actual building structural electrical deficiencies. And were those listed on that notice and order. So they would all be listed on both notice and orders that were issued in July. OK. And posted both both were posted. Multiple photos each time that I inspection out. OK. So Mr. Lawrence. You're it sounds like your property was vacant in July of twenty twenty two. And the building was posted with these notice and orders listing the violations that needed to be corrected. You. You agree with that. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. You. Building that's not a property anybody rent a house in town that is not vacant for a month or two. I mean George. Me. Just because my building is vacant it's not abandoned. The grass is not overgrown. There's no orders. No bombs living in it. I check them daily. I'm tired. I got all the time in the world. I'm doing something I know for a fact. The city's not. You don't care about my properties. I do. I check them. They own 16 properties. There's nobody ever lived in my house. And they were just. I make certain of that. You to build me just because the building is empty. You're not building all these big companies who got houses all over the country. This because it's empty. Why are you picking on me? So I think it's a simple. My understanding is this fee is because violations have not been verified corrected. Tell me this. What would it take for you to pay you to go away? This is just one bill. You got another bill out there for over $20,000. So what? I don't know. Ripping people off and they don't even know what the hell is for. Let's make a deal. What would it take for you to go away? Like that. That's all. That's not what's before us. We're only looking at that monitoring fee. That's what if I pay this, you still got that other bill out there. Why should I pay you the one of them? That might be a conversation you could have with staff and negotiating your penalties. But this fee same building, we're not city staff. Did an inspection in the middle of the pandemic, which was illegal. All of it's illegal. Yes. Still pushing it. When's it going to end? If I wasn't secure, I would have lost everything just because of what happened. And you're sitting here rubbing salt in the wound. Why the hell would I pay that bill and you got another one out there bigger than that? Great. Like I said, make a deal. I'm willing to pay you just to go away and leave me the hell alone. Mr. Lawrence, I will say that if you're unclear about the violations, again... I'm not unclear. There's nothing wrong with my house. I told Mr. Menorada he could come over and schedule an inspection anytime he want. You think I'd rent a house if there was something wrong with it? Go ask the tenant. I've been renting houses since 1976. I never rented a house. It wasn't clean, painted, new carpet, everything fresh. I'm not starting a day. Well, please get their information and schedule an inspection. The only way that these fees will be stopped is when they come out and inspect the property to see that the violations have been corrected. Like I said, you give me something that I can work with. I'm willing to pay you to go away. You've been asking me since 2020. Let it go. Thank you, Mr. Lawrence. Mr. Lawrence, if the question is not, we'll take a motion. Testing, testing. I'll make a motion confirming the staff's recommendation that the board adopt the decision confirming the total charge amount of $380 for the monitoring fee on the property known as 119 Danville Way, Sacramento, California 95838, APN number 263032-2018. 0 0 0 0. Second. Yes. Boyd. O'Brien. Yes. Mr. Lawrence. The board is found in favor of the city. You will receive formal notification of our decision in the middle. Again, in order for this to stop the monitoring fees, the monthly fees, get their information, schedule an inspection, and then move forward in that way. All right. So I would recommend Mr. Liker or these other staff members to get their card, schedule that inspection, and then you can move forward getting rid of these fees. These are because it's going to continue this 380 is going to continue to occur every month until the violations have been rectified. But you'll receive this all of this information in the mail. Right. Thank you. So you can call someone. Item number six. Are we doing? Yes, items five and six. Excuse me. Right. See staff in dimple and when. Yes. All right. The secretary was where you in. I can have all parties for item five and six for the property located at five three zero nine fifty six street. He raised her right hand and answer the following question. You solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth. Thank you, Mr. Luthor. You may begin. We're here for case number two four zero three eight eight one zero property address is five three zero nine five six five three zero nine fifty six street Sacramento, California. Nine five eight two zero. Case was opened up on October 6th, 2024. Case is currently closed. Summary abatement performed on October 6th, 2024. October 6th at zero nine fifty four a.m. I received a call from three one one requesting securement of a vacant building. I called the officer and they said no responsible was able to be reached. I called great construction to secure the window. On October 7th, 2024, I arrived to confirm the securement and place and place the cloud on the property, which is being peeled here today. I found the phone number for the owner and I put it in the case file. I also found the property manager's number and called them both to inform them of the securement and left a message. On October 15th, I approved the K2 for the securement on October 6th, 2024 for the four by four window and attached the invoice. You see one three four eight nine to the case, which is also being appealed here today. Close the case due to work is now complete. Staff recommends that the board adopt the decision confirming the charge of the securement of seven hundred and twenty dollars. The invoice CDD CHB one zero two five one work performed by the city on the property known as five three zero nine fifty six street Sacramento, California. Five nine eight two zero eight in number zero two three zero two one three zero zero eight zero zero zero. Staff also recommends the board adopt the decision confirming the total charge of one hundred and ninety dollars for the work performed on invoice CDD. The H C two zero six one five for the work performed by the city known as five three zero nine fifty six street Sacramento, California. Nine five eight two zero eight in number two zero two three zero two one zero zero eight zero zero zero. Thank you. I've also attached the case photos and notice of less. Thank you. Thank you. Miss Lee, you begin. When the subject property was broken in in early October of twenty twenty four, I was given the case number by the police and contact information to find out the cost of boarding up the property or boarding up the window, a window on contacting the number given to me. I was informed. I believe that was Daniel out there here. I was informed that the cost would be a couple of hundred dollars. So when the invoices came, I saw that the total costs, which included the cost of the actual voting up, which was three hundred and forty dollars and the administration fee, which was three hundred and eighty dollars plus the late fee, tolling up to about eight hundred and sixty four dollars. That was not what I was expecting. And that was way more than a couple of hundred, which was told to me. There was also another invoice or termination fee, quote unquote termination fee, which I found out what that was for later on. One hundred and ninety dollars plus late fee. If I don't do that by December twelve, totaling up to two hundred and twenty eight dollars. So all the fees added basically were around eleven hundred dollars. This was, of course, on top of all the repairs that needed to be done to repair the property after the broken. So I would like to request that. The waiver of the fees and. Would like to pay for three hundred and forty dollars of voting up the property. Miss Lynn. All right. Any questions from the board? I would like to pay for the actual boarding up the. Hundred and forty. Sorry. Yes, I would like to pay for the actual boarding up the property of three hundred and forty dollars, which is the cost of boarding up the window itself. And the rest of the fees, I would like to request for a waiver of those. Having problems. Thank you for repeating yourself. Thank you. Miss one, you said the police. Police contacted you about the break in. So they notified you about the break in. Are you contacted them about the break in and they contacted me? Actually, the property manager contacted me. They gave me the the police information. So I called the police. What date was that? I believe that was October six. The day of the break in or the next day. I believe that was the day of the break in. Here's from your chronology that you received the information about the break in and you contacted the county's contractor to secure it. You didn't visit the facility and visit the site until the next day. Correct. It was after hours during the weekend. At that point in time, I received a call from PD asking the secure meant I confirmed with PD whether or not they reached out to a responsible party. None was able to be reached. So therefore, PD is requesting the secure meant the secure meant of the facility. The technology that the police are actually 311. It says 311. You received a call from 311. That is that 311 calls for the secure meant of the VB. I called the officer and they stated no responsible was able to be reached. And then I called great construction to secure. Is there a common practice? Yes. On the after hours and is to not just to have the property secured without city staff actually putting eyes on it. Correct. Question for you. I'm looking through here. What did you come up with the dollar amount of $344? That was listed. Listed in one of the invoices that I received of the 340. Now I see that the print is a little crooked and small here. Thank you. I was just wondering. I see it now. 340 in addition to admin fee. Thank you, Chair. What is the termination fee? You have to take it off of the property. And did we get a cloud? Did a list pendants get filed? Yes, the list pendants is actually attached to the packet on October 7th. I had stated in here that I arrived and confirmed the secure meant and placed the cloud on the property, which is the list pendants, which is attached to the case. It was recorded. On November 5th, 2020 or 2024. I apologize. You were correct. It was right there. Thank you. Yes, thank you, Chair. I do have a question. So you walk this through and everybody's understanding. It's an automatic cloud be put on the property, on a secured property only after responsibility cannot be reached. Anytime money is, anytime abatement or any money is owed to the city, a list pendants is put on that property. Okay. Thank you. To answer your question, yes. It would be, it wouldn't be, if we can contact a responsible party and they could board up or take charge of their property and be responsible, then there would be no need for us to cloud therefore or board up the property. If that's what you were asking. Yes, thank you. I was expounding a little bit on that. Is it always the next day or is there a day or two, you know, given as it was stated, it was after hours, it was a weekend. So I don't know if it was a Saturday or a Sunday, but let's say at least one business day or two business days. Is there any duration to give the property owner opportunity to reach out to you before a cloud is put on that property? Or is it in the policy, it's automatic next day? They're charging us fees at that point. The timeline has nothing to do with it. It's the moment. The fees are charged on the property. Thank you both, Doug and Bo. I can say to be more succinct than to that point is that as far as waiting business days, particularly over a weekend, Sacramento police cannot leave private property and open and accessible. So at some point, if they try to contact the owner and they're not successful, then they call us. And as he stated, the moment we have to call for a securement, it's. As we have an opportunity where we can contact the owner during business days and they can make it down there, then of course we. Cure their property. For the motion attorney, we need to extend. Eight. State that the city was there to secure the property already. Contacting the police. The. The. The. The. The. Right. Yes. And. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. I. Sure. Yes. And all I was informed that was going to be a couple of hundred, looking at about $1,100, about $1,000. I stated the fees are set. These, they secure me, this is what I did. I did find a favor to send application in the mail. Heard on, hired about the cost, the meeting took the next day, but there is no, and they're back tochanging me? And specific people who need more information, shopped with theашkjdndsat请aed Thank you. you you you you you you you because it's already been invoiced you waved doesn't it does not say if it's if it were to be waved it would it would be waved along with it has it's already been delinquent the or in the heard actually to make these because there's two and I see one you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you I'd like to make a motion to arm the charge for the $620 rather than the board staff's recommendation of $720 so $100 reduction for the property known as 5309 56th Street Sacramento California 95820 APN 023 0213 0080000 0000 0000 you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you what comments the comments motion to adjourn you you you you you you you