All right, good afternoon, good evening everyone.
The meeting of the January 10, 2024 housing code advisory and appeals board will now come
to order.
The board consists of five members who are not employees of the city.
The board is an impartial decision maker.
The board is appointed by the mayor with approval of the city council.
Your board members are myself as the chair, Mr. Fisher as the vice chair, and then other
members are Mr. Boyd, Mr. Chamberlain and Miss O'Brien.
In addition, we have Leslie Bell as the secretary to the board.
Peter Lemos, code and housing enforcement chief, Bo Cosley, principal building inspector,
and Arvin, our vendor car council to the board.
We'll have the secretary call roll.
And Tapleyon.
Here.
Fisher.
Here.
Boyd.
Chamberlain.
Here.
O'Brien.
Here.
All right, at this time, I'm going to borrow here.
At this time, I'm going to ask that everybody please stand for the land acknowledgment and
the Pledge of Allegiance.
So, oh, are we starting with the-
I know that one by heart.
The honor of Sacramento's indigenous people and tribal lands to the original people of
this land, the Nisanan people, the southern Meydu, Valley of the Plains, Mewok, Patwin,
Winton people, and the people of Wilton Rancheria.
Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe.
Maybe we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside
us today on these land by choosing to gather together today in the active practice of
acknowledgment and appreciation for Sacramento's indigenous people.
All right, so let's talk about why we're here today.
Two items, two topics, will be the notice and order.
So for items two, we're here to determine whether the owners of the buildings and structures
in the cases before us this evening have violated provisions of chapters 8.96 of the dangerous
building code or chapter 8.100 of the housing code of the Sacramento City Code.
The question here is, was the property and violation of the city code at the time of
the notice and order was issued and was the notice and order issued properly?
If it is shown by a proponderance of the evidence that the owner has violated the dangerous
buildings code or the housing code, then this board will issue a written decision ordering
the owner to correct the dangerous or substandard conditions or to abolish the building within
a reasonable time.
The board's decision will direct the time within which the work must be started and
when the work must be completed.
If the owner decides to do the work required and the work is progressing in a reasonable
manner, the city inspector may grant an extension of time not to exceed an additional 120
days.
To complete the project, however, if the owner fails to comply with the terms of the decision,
the city may repair, secure, or demolish the building or structure and the costs incurred
for this work may be made a personal obligation of the property owner and either a nuisance
abatement lien or a special assessment against the property.
You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the
mail.
For items three through seven on today's agenda, we're here to consider the expenses
incurred by the city and the notice and order and the repair, demolition, or securing
of any building or structure done in the housing and dangerous building cases before us.
Whether any protests or objections, the question here is, are the fees, costs, or other
amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified?
This board may revise, correct or modify, the proposed charges as we deem just once the
board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, as submitted or revised, corrected
or modified, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges.
Any written protests and related information received have been forwarded to us for a consideration
in our decision.
You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail.
Our decision will be forwarded to the city council for a determination whether the hearing
was conducted in accordance with the city code.
All right, each item will be called in order of those requesting to speak unless staff
or board members request otherwise.
The owner representative should state their name and address and explain the nature of their
appeal.
Please be concise.
The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case, including the recommendation.
The owner can then respond.
The secretary will swear an appellance and city staff prior to each case.
All right, so let's start with item number one approval of minutes from the December 13,
2023 meeting.
Do I have a motion?
Move.
Move.
Move.
Move.
I'll second.
Is that plan?
Yes.
Fisher.
Yes.
Chamberlain.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right.
We will then move on to item number two.
I have a question.
I have a question.
I'll give you a second.
Inspector Prok looks like it already.
And I apologize.
Leela Reyes.
They say that right.
Okay.
Are you here to represent what was your Ronald?
We'll start with the city and then we'll let you go after that.
Can I get all parties for item number two to please raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty a perjury that the testimony and evidence you give at this hearing shall be the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Thank you.
All right.
Inspector proc go ahead.
Mr. Chair, my name is Elijah proc. I'm a city building inspector for housing and dangerous buildings.
Today's date is November.
I'm sorry.
January 10th, 2024.
This is the matter of agenda item number two, case number 23, dash 042298.
The property owner is Lila Rays.
Property address is 4012, Claire Woodway, Sacramento, California, 95835.
Personal number is 225 and 1570, 062.
This type of report is noticed in order appeal.
This case was opened on November 7th, 23.
Current case status, it is closed.
This appeal is limited to the notice in order to pay costs and penalties only.
Really, this is the validity of the notice in order.
Initial inspection was performed on November 9th, 23, by myself, Inspector proc.
Inspection identified the property was in violation of Sacramento City Code sections as follows but not limited to B59, which something.
It requires a building permit and B45, 896, 110, L, a structure violation.
Work was done without the benefit of a permit.
On November 7th, 23, City received a complaint of work without a permit at the subject location.
On November 8th, I attempted to contact the owner by phone with no response.
Left a voice message requesting a call back to discuss the complaint.
On November 9th, 23, initial inspection had found the complaint valid.
From public order, we observed a grid-connected solar photovoltaic system array.
Mounted at the top of a two-story single-family residence.
There were multiple PV solar panels just hanging off of a rack that was just literally sitting on top of a ridge of a lower roof elevation.
Also, for the determination, I found that there was a Tesla charger installed.
This is all work without permit.
We treated with immediate issues of the notice and order due to severity of violations and dangerous electrical hazards found in the site.
Subsequently, I was contacted by the owner of record and explained the necessary permitting requirements and expectations forward to address all on-permanent work with an option to remove all such installations.
I agreed to remove all on-permanent work, electrical work, which was verified in case closed in December 4th, 23.
However, the validity of the notice and order is being appealed today.
Todd was issued and recorded in November 29th, 23.
Property owner was contacted prior to issuing the notice and order.
The notice and order was sent to the property owner address on file, November 13th, and was effectively served.
Off-recommands of the Board adopts a decision, finding the property owner has violated the provisions of chapter 896 and or 8100 of the Sacramento City Code.
Property known as 40, 12, Clare Woodway, Sacramento, California, 95, 835, parcel number 225 and 1570, 0, 6, 2.
Attached. Thank you.
Thank you, Inspector Proc.
All right, Mr. Reyes, go ahead.
Hi, my name is Good evening.
My name is Ronald Reyes, and in behalf of my wife, Leila B. Reyes, which name appears on the address 4012 Clare Woodway in Sacramento.
First of all, I want to thank Mr. Elijah Proc and Richard Ladsky for giving me all the support, understanding and knowledge for me to take care of this issue that I did,
and all the wrong things that I did wrong.
So, really, I want to ask for apology and kind consideration.
I did the DIY project without researching that I really need to acquire the proper permit.
I may receive the letter from the City of Sacramento through Mr. Elijah Proc.
I immediately contacted him.
I can fix the error that I did.
He showed me and told me that all the violations that I made.
I heard deeply regret.
Saying to me that it's a lot better if I can just remove them all and start firing for a permit.
That's what I did.
I tried as best I can in a timely manner to take all the things that I've done wrong.
I gave him a call and let him know what I did.
He showed and he really appreciated it and he told me to close the case.
Okay.
So, just to your where we're here today to your appealing the notice in order, which is we're not here to hear any costs associated with it because this one is just the notice in order.
Basically, we're here to determine whether the building or structure has violated this code.
I had a mistake.
Okay.
I'm guilty.
I violated that one.
So, just to your where this is the first hearing you can.
This is the first appeal.
This is for the notice in order.
And if you want, you still can appeal the fees, but we can't talk about the fees today.
So, that's part of that's a separate.
That's the second thing that I've read.
The notice in order is all we're here to hear today because that's all you appealed, not the costs.
First, I was just following whatever I can do.
Okay. And so your I'm sorry is the case is closed now, right?
Okay.
Board, do we have any questions?
Okay.
So, we haven't voted yet, but just so you're aware, I mean, it sounds like you're admitting that there was the problem.
It's all my fault.
Okay.
And it's not an excuse here just to let everyone knows that I don't have any intention to break the law.
Okay.
Oh, go ahead.
I'm just curious if he's not disagreeing with the notice in order.
Correct.
So, he's not really appealing it.
That's.
Can he withdraw his appeal and get his appeal fee?
Is that a question for council or?
No, the appeal fee is not refundable.
We did prepare the hearing.
It was the labor and cost of preparing and appearing.
All right. Do I have a motion from the board?
Go ahead.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Mr. Reyes, the board is found in favor of the city saying that you did violate the provisions.
But again, this is just the.
This is just you admitted that you have violated.
So, it sounds like the case is closed.
And so, there's no further.
No further issues for this at this time.
You do have any remaining questions.
Oh, feel free after the hearing.
Not necessarily today, but after the hearing tomorrow to reach out to inspector prox.
Still he would still reach out to you.
Yeah, you can still reach out if you have any questions.
Great job for helping me.
Glad to hear. Thank you, sir. Have a great night.
All right. Let's move on to item number three.
Inspector.
Lowether.
Yep.
I think I ask you every time.
But I said that right.
I do.
I do.
Sorry.
I just make sure.
And then we also have.
And again, please correct me.
Is it?
Oh.
Mr. Coffler, is it?
Kaden?
Sure.
Yep.
Okay.
All right.
Can I get all parties for item number?
It was a three.
Two, raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Staff.
Do you solemnly swear on the penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence you give at this hearing?
The truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Thank you.
All right.
Mr. Lowether.
I are Inspector Lowether.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
Good evening.
Here for item agenda number three.
Case number 2, 2, 0, 0, 9, 9, 0, 2.
Property known as 3, 4, 5, 0.
First Avenue, Sacramento, California.
9, 5, 8, 1, 7, parcel number 0, 1, 0, 0, 3, 1, 5, 0, 7, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0.
Name is Daniel Lowether.
I'm the building inspector.
In case manager for the property, case was open on March 4th, 2022.
Currently, the case is open.
My initial inspection was on March 4th, 2022.
I was on site with SAC PD officers who had served a criminal inspection warrant,
forcible for the illegal grow house.
SPD made entry and cleared the building to find the complaint valid.
Senior building inspector Pearson.
Building inspector Martin Noney and building inspector Ealy were on site.
I inspected the proper the exterior and the interior of the structure and checked the permit history and found that.
400 amp electrical panel was never final.
I had building inspector Martin Noney inspect the panel.
He said that the electrical service panel had other components of the systems were altered.
New electrical circuits, new sub panels were added to operate the grow lights and ventilation systems.
Other areas of the basement also had extensive electrical work that had been performed without permits, the benefit of a permit or inspection.
B.I. Martin Noney contacted SMUD and requested the termination of the electrical services due to extensive alterations to the existing electrical system causing unsafe conditions.
SMUD personnel arrived and the electrical service was terminated.
Once the basement, once in the basement, we found that it had been converted into a bar slash lounge with two other rooms for the marijuana grow all without permits upstairs.
There had been a third bedroom added to the square footage of the home, the kitchen had a remodel and a fireplace had been filled in.
And the front stairs have been modified from the original layout.
No grow within the living space. I posted the property dangerous. I called great construction to secure the property.
I requested a notice and order letter be sent out on March 17th of 22. I received an email confirmation from the owner.
Rosangela, Fontana, Del, D. Olivera, that she received the notice and order.
On March 22nd of 22, Caden, the tenant has been issued as permit, RES 2206140.
To return the dwelling back to the original approved layout and removal of all the illegal cannabis grow.
September 19th of 22. Permit RES 2206140 expired with only attempt power inspection approved.
So they could move back into the dwelling. Caden said that he would be submitting a revision to keep the new layout by the time the permit had expired.
There was no submittals.
January 11th of 23. A new permit was issued RES 220418 on August 3rd, 2023.
No provision and no permit had been no inspections have been called in for on the second permit. RES 2206140, which this permit expired on July 10th of 23.
No contact from the owner or the permit holder. Caden's last email was on April 28th, 2023.
Again, we are working on leveraging some funds for this. It's just been quite a process. We are confident that this should happen soon though.
I will keep you posted over the next couple of weeks.
I am requesting the $1,000 administrative penalty that is not being appealed here tonight and a $305 monitoring fee that is being appealed here tonight.
As an update of January 4th, 2024, Caden sent me an updated saying plans are currently being drafted for the modified permit.
Just as an FYI, no permit has been pre-issued. No submittals have been submitted for change the scope of work on to two previous permits.
Staff recommends confirmation the total coverage of $325 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 3450 First Avenue Sacramento, California 95871 APN 0100315007000.
So included the violation list, the case photos and the permit history. Thank you.
All right, thank you.
Mr. Coffler, go ahead.
Yes. I have a lot to say, but before I started, I just wanted to address an incorrect or incorrect matter in the record.
I did email him twice after April. I actually put those emails out and forgot to bring them, but I can pull them up my phone.
But everyone was in August. One was in September, giving him additional updates.
He failed to mention that in his report, but just want the record to show that I have been keeping in touch on the matter.
Although we're here just to discuss a $305 monitoring fee, it's a monitoring fee that's part of a case that I basically challenge altogether and I haven't had a forum to voice my concerns over.
And I don't know if this is the right one or not, but I'm going to do it anyway.
Well, I'll let you know that would have been the first case that we heard was the notice in order we can't hear validity of the case at this point. Now it's just the fees.
Well, it's a fee that I don't that I disagree with the validity of.
If you wouldn't mind. I am a businessman. I'm a father. I'm a family man. I've been a real estate investor. No parks since 2009 when no one would touch that area.
We have dilapidated homes that used to be crack homes and prostitutes going in and out who are now occupied by homeowners of 10 years.
I'm a father to a special needs son who I've single handily raised on my own. I'm not a criminal and the city's treated me like one ever since March of 2022 when they raided my house with a bunch of suspicions and accusations.
That one made up at a thin air which turned out to be which turned out to materialize into nothing.
In fact, the DA dismissed my case altogether because lack of any evidence.
This one hand in hand with a dangerous building case.
In my opinion, they wanted to give it to me because they thought I was engaged in criminal activity was the was the house unsafe to live in.
No, I've been living there since my family since 2009.
I bought it as a as a flipped home with a bunch of remodel work done didn't go didn't bother to go look to see if any of that was permitted had a housing inspection done housing inspection came back clean little issues here and there just like any house inspection wood upon a purchase.
The basement we had we had converted into a lounge as part of a TV show called House Crashers unbeknownst to me they don't pull permits and I didn't realize this until I had a dangerous building case in front of me.
The other side I converted to a cannabis grow I'm a hobbyist I have higher education for using Davis and agricultural ecology I got involved in in the legal cannabis market.
I had some licenses I was planning on developing cultivation city here in the city Sacramento spent a lot of money doing it and I wanted to take a round with some things in my basement.
The officer sent me the notice letter giving me seven days to correct any violations or else.
I reached out to as soon as I got that letter and it was like on day six and I was very honest and forthcoming told her exactly what I was doing and she did some discovery on me and figured out that I had some cannabis licenses in the city and figured I must be up to no good.
Made some poor assumptions and basically baited me into a raid giving giving her information to raid me.
So upon the raid they kicked me in my family out of the house locked the door on me in a perfectly safe home.
He's going to argue otherwise but if we look at the report and look at the issues they're pointing out we can see that yeah okay maybe some things were enough to code maybe some things were permitted.
But I'd ask each one of you if you could tell me what percentage of houses in Sacramento have something not up to code or something permitted probably close to 100% wouldn't you say.
If we really picked every home apart is that a reason to throw a family out of a house onto the streets.
In fact isn't one of the highest priorities in the city of Sacramento preventing homelessness and dealing with that problem.
They just made four more without consideration at all to the circumstances at hand.
So they threw me out into the street with my kids and my girlfriend and they quote unquote secured my house which really means they underscured it.
Are you guys aware of how they secure the houses in a dangerous building case when they kick people out and don't let them back in given the kid they switched the deadbolt out and they take the handle latch off so there's really only one lock.
So what happened in the case of my basement the deadbolt the deadbolt didn't have a switch plate wherever they call them strike plate it was just went into the wood the handle was the one that had the strike plate no handle easy to kick in so we basically got burglarized.
People kicked in the door because it was underscured because they took the handle lock off and then once you got once we got broken into mind you they turned the power off they switched the locks without a handle lock right so now I only have one lock instead of two on each door and they put a big sign on the front door saying dangerous building basically come break in.
So we got broken into I went there figured it out tried to get it secured in the middle of the night and guess what when I pulled the whole the front door behind me couldn't lock it right can't lock the handle can't lock the depot because I don't have the key so I did my best to secure it by screwing some wood up through the door into the wood into the frame and someone came behind kicked it and kicked it open the next morning brought us again.
So the point I'm trying to make here is that I'm not a criminal I was treated like one the procedures in which I think code enforcement went about this housing case were flawed and just honestly disgraceful.
And so what I'm trying to say is I disagree with this being a dangerous housing case from the very beginning yes did I have some code violations okay yes did I need to permit to bring some things up to code sure but did they need to declare my house a dangerous housing case and kick me out of it no that's what I mean when I'm that's what I mean when I say yeah we're here talking about a three or five dollar monitoring fee but really I'm challenging the validity this entire case as a whole.
So it's ongoing basically they force me into a position where out of nowhere you know I'm held liable to spend thousands and thousands of dollars trying to pull permits plans together and bring all things up to code which I was living with perfectly fine I'm knowing that there was any issue with permitting to begin with.
So just to verify this case was is still open right because we're still waiting for the yes it is still open okay so again unfortunately the board here only has authority to over here to to listen to the case regarding to the fee and if it's my understanding please correct me if I'm wrong we we don't set policy when it comes to the way the city of Sacramento does their monitoring fees or how this works but it's my understanding that these things are going to be done.
These will continue until permit is pulled is that correct.
Yes that is correct so again I understand some of your frustrations about how this went down but when it comes to the monitoring fees it sounds like how many monitoring fees have there been just one and is it my understanding that it's the monitoring fee of the 325 can be issued every month.
305 per month and that you've only issued one fee for the last about 19 months 20 months due to the fact he's had two two active permits while the permits have been active no penalties are crude at that point only during the time that permits expired and then I've given time to acquire the second permit and again now this is the first administrative monitoring fee that was.
Has been issued on this property.
Okay so just a year where the monitoring fees are for the costs for the city of Sacramento to follow up and it looks like right now they've issued a $300 plus dollar fee $325 fee for the last since March of 2022.
I just wanted you to be aware that those fees could continue to add up until the permits pulled but I just wanted to make that comment before I open it up to the board for any additional questions or comments.
May I make another comment?
Let me just see.
Go ahead.
All right yeah go ahead.
And that's what I'm saying is disgraceful.
They put me in a position through through this housing case to begin with where unless I'm sitting on $100,000 I can't do anything about it.
I can pull a permit and keep it open until it expires and then pull another one and keep it open until it expires.
But basically put me in a position where I'm going to be assessed fees in an ongoing manner because I can't do anything about it.
I finally just now got some money together so we're going to we have plans being submitted as we speak or drawn to be submitted as we speak.
But it's been you know almost two years of this ongoing dilemma and I just think it's disgraceful that the city puts people in this type of position.
I wanted to voice that it's wrong.
Get that and I that's what I'm saying today.
The good thing is at least in this case is that you're getting one administrative fee and not 10 which sounds like it's possible that could have happened.
And I sympathize for the situation.
Unfortunately none of the members of the board are actually part of the city of Sacramento.
So it's not a policy that we create or enforce.
We just here to hear the cases specific to in this one cost recovery.
I understand.
Any questions comments from the board?
Good.
As you stated that you're in the process of pulling another permit.
You're getting your plan drawn and then you're going to take the plans in and then pull the permit.
What that said I'm just asking.
And that would stop another possible fee.
If you pull the permit are your state tomorrow.
Are your plans going to be done in this efficient amount of time.
That would.
That you'd be able to keep moving forward from the from the time you get with the permit that you would say if you pull tomorrow.
So instead of waiting for your plans to be done excuse me and then walking into get a permit.
You're leaving yourself open to more fees.
But if you're able to.
I'm asking are you able to.
Within the next few days.
If you're able to pull a permit to which I would then ask these gentlemen.
If possible if they can to hold up those one or two three days whatever.
Until he goes down to pull I understand the history of.
Pulling and not.
Going forward with it.
I'm just asking.
So it's coming back to you first.
Would you be able to pull a permit.
Let's say in the next three or four days.
Yeah that that that's an issue the issues whether the permits can end up matching the.
You know reflecting the scope of work of the plans.
So I should have added that well from the beginning when I first stated.
Would the plans be.
Completed during the duration of your permit that's pulled because at the same time you will you will be able to extend that permit.
So if you're thinking what's going to be more than two months before your plans are completed.
No anticipating less than that.
You're the most code housing for some chief.
He cannot a pain of permit without the plans.
Yes, the final.
Yes, you have plans have to be approved in order to obtain a permit.
I was hoping you.
Thank you, Peter.
So what I will say is again it sounds like right now.
You're planning on working to get the permit.
I know you said you're a real estate investor.
So I think you would understand more than anybody else that when you buy a house.
If it has a code violation.
You inherit that code violation.
That's what the inspections are for.
It didn't have a code violation.
It had unpermitted work.
That couldn't be verified on the record.
But there was nothing wrong with the work.
We're talking about updated tax piping.
They just couldn't find record of that work ever having been done.
So it's a code violation.
You lose nothing wrong with it.
Again, that is an opinion.
Unless the city inspects it.
There's no proof that nothing is wrong with it.
But I know they will work with you on work that has been completed to go back and take a look at some of that stuff.
Correct.
Yes.
Be sure.
I don't want to use it.
I think I'll permit.
That's not really what we do.
And it's our issue.
Not you personally, but it's what somebody.
That's what we do.
We're doing a different type of.
I actually allow you to pull it without you having all.
So getting back to the current state of affairs.
I have plans being drawn.
Can I pull the permit in advance of that?
Or do I have to wait to submit the plans with the permit application?
Yes, sir.
Okay.
So at what point am I going to be assessing another monitoring fee?
You're in New York and.
Correct.
Trying.
Yeah.
Just just a real quick address this particular monitoring fee.
It's being assessed to monitor what time period.
Because like I said, he didn't account for two emails I sent him in communication updating him.
Well, no status.
That's what I was telling you is they could have issued ten of these because it's one per month they can issue.
They've only issued one for the entire duration of this case going all the way back to March 4th of 2022.
So there could have been several.
Monitoring that they did.
This is just one robbery.
A fee fly and penalty every 30 days without.
I understand what they can do.
Whether it's right or wrong is another story.
Probably probably need to be brought into compliance.
That's not so I'm assuming he's working with you by not doing those ten and he's only done.
Okay.
Board.
Any other comments questions or do we have a motion?
First Avenue Sacramento, California 95817 APN 01003150070000.
Second.
Yes.
Fisher.
Chamberlain.
Yes.
Boyd.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
Okay.
Mr. Coplar, the board is found in favor of the city.
You will receive a copy of the decision in the mail.
In the meantime, please continue to work with the inspector so that there are no additional monitoring fees that are assessed.
You guys should also reconsider your lockout procedures so people don't get broken into after you secure the building.
Thank you.
All right.
Item number four.
Inspector Martin Oni.
Vice and building inspector Doug Pearson will be will be presenting for him.
Okay.
It may be.
Do we have the rep for roosters of California LLC?
All right.
So would you like to give us your.
I love when you have my mind.
I've got most.
Oh, I apologize.
You're right.
Okay.
From the last one.
Okay.
This is the agenda item number four case number two one dash zero one six nine six six property owner rooster of California LLC property address seventy nine sixty one or rents away.
Sacramento California nine five eight two three parcel number one one nine zero three two four zero zero one zero zero zero zero.
I'm presenting for building inspector Jason Martin Oni.
Case was open.
March 12, 2021.
Current case is open.
March 15, 2021.
Billion Inspector Jason Martin Oni was on site with the Sacramento Police Department officers who had served a criminal search warrant for an illegal grow house.
He made an entry and cleared the building to find the complaint valid bedrooms living room and other areas were converted and are being used to grow marijuana.
All persons at site were arrested and removed from the site by Sacramento Police Department.
He inspected the exterior and interior the structure of the structure.
The house had been altered.
The grow rooms were in operation.
The electrical service panel and other components of the system were altered.
New electrical service and a new sub panel were added to operate the grow lights and ventilation systems.
The service riser had been cut and the conductors feeding the main service panel had been intercepted and power threat was taking place to feed sub panels operating the grow rooms.
Extensive alterations to the existing electrical system causing unsafe conditions and due to power theft, electrical service was terminated.
Most windows and all exterior doors have security bars covering them or have been covered to made inoperable.
None of the work was permitted.
Several photos were taken.
Numerous housing violations were found and the building was posted as a dangerous building.
The structure was so merely vacated due to the dangerous conditions.
Sacramento Police Department officers advised they would be able to secure the site.
A notice in order was issued, cloud and title were ordered.
Photos were downloaded in the electronic case file.
On June 16, 2023, building inspector Aryan Gildersley was on site to post a 19th vacant building monitoring fee notice at this location.
He noticed that the side gate was open.
The garage mandor was unscured and the side gate was open giving the public access to the backyard.
The inspector Gildersley contacted great construction and requested they respond to secure the structure and side gate.
Photos were downloaded in the electronic case file and a summary of basement was completed.
This is a secure meant being appealed today.
On August 31, 2023, building inspector Jason Martin,
identified through county parcel viewer that a new property owner had been recorded at the county assessor's office and requested a new owner letter.
September 25, 2023, permit, RES 2-03-20390 was issued for the correction.
January 10, 2024, the permit, RES 2-3-20390 is issued and active.
The permit costs are $845, collection fee of $20,
for a grand total of $865, staff recommends confirming the total charge of $865 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 79-61,
or rents away, Sacramento, California, 95823, parcel number 119-0324-001-0000.
Thank you.
And just let the director reflect.
There is no representative.
Any questions from the board?
They did file a written appeal, though.
Yeah.
My red.
Questions, comments?
Recommends that staff recommends that the board adopt the decision to confirm the total charge of $5 for the work.
Thank you.
I'm going to ask the board to confirm the total charge of $5 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 79-71,
Sacramento, California, 95823, APN 119-032-400100-0000.
Second.
And tap any?
Yes.
Fisher?
Yes.
Chamberlain?
Yes.
Boyd?
Yes.
O'Brien?
Yes.
That's right.
Thank you.
We will move on to item number five.
So that would be inspector.
Builder sleeve.
That's it, right?
Okay.
Yeah, that's, that's what we were talking.
That's on the last case I asked for an abbreviated statement.
Yeah.
A little bit abbreviated.
I appreciate the comment, though.
Do we have a representative for Hardy Wong 2019 Revocable Trust?
Do not.
All right.
Go ahead and swear in the.
Can I please get you to raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear in a penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence you give at this hearing
shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
All right.
Go ahead.
Item number five, case number two, three, dash zero, one, zero, six, two, one.
Property owner is Hardy Wong.
Property address is located at 1412 Kitchener Road, Sacramento, California, 95822, parcel number zero, three, five, dash, zero, zero, six, two, dash, zero, zero, three, dash, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero.
Of course, is January 10, 2024.
You know, my name is Ariane Gildersleeve.
Building Inspector for City of Sacramento.
He's open on April 1, 2023.
It is currently open.
Before 2023, I arrived on site to perform an initial inspection of outdoor structure, a single family residence.
I knocked on the front door.
A woman answered and stated she was the wife of the property owner, Hardy Wong.
I explained the purpose of my visit to this property containing a large, unpermitted structure.
She did in the backyard.
She allowed me to inspect the backyard.
The yard contained three structures of which two were over 120 square feet.
One structure measured 18 feet by 11 feet and was occupied.
Second structure measured at 16 feet by 8 feet and occupied.
18 foot structure was being powered by the main electrical panel.
The second structure had solar panels attached to it.
The photos of the current conditions, I requested a buster preliminary letter to be sent out.
May 5, 2023, I met on site for a scheduled inspection with a person named Lee, who occupied one of the backyard structures.
He allowed me to stand at the front of the entrance of the structure to view the inside.
The person living in the second structure wouldn't allow me to inspect the inside of the structure.
But the structure had plumbing and electrical installed.
I explained the structures were unpermitted and no one should be occupying the structures.
And it stated the owner of the property is incapacitated and unable to permit the structures.
I stated I'll have to begin due process since the structures were built illegally.
The photos of the current conditions, I posted a notice in order letter at the residence on May 19, 2023.
The notice in order, 1095, which is being appealed today.
Total cost of work is a notice in order costs, 1075 plus.
Not only at 2,095.
Notice of list pendants was properly recorded at the office on July 18th.
Property owner was contacted prior to issuing a notice.
The letter was sent. The notice in order was sent to the property.
Press listed on the current title report at 1412.
He served on May 22, 2020.
Substitute service.
Notice in order was not appealed.
He has not received the information being presented this evening.
That recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming that the total charge of 1,095, not 1420.
The notice in order on the property known as 1412 Kitchen of Road.
Sacramento, California, 95, 822.
Person number 035, 006, 2, 0, 0, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0.
Relation list in the case.
Thank you, and I'm sorry if I didn't catch it.
I was trying to flip through.
Is this case still open?
Actually, I just, I was able to do an inspection.
Out that they have finally removed the uncommitted structures.
Okay.
Thank you. Any questions from the board?
Thank you.
Number 035, 006, 2, 0, 0, 3, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0.
Second.
Is that clear?
Yes.
Fisher?
Yes.
Chamberlain?
Yes.
Boyd?
Yes.
O'Brien?
Yes.
All right.
I'm going to request it.
Can I request it?
Can I be on there?
No, there's, there's a termination fee and a title fee.
They're all in the case.
Did they not, they may not have wanted to appeal those.
All right.
Thank you, Inspector.
We will move on to item 6 and 7, which we will hear concurrently.
Inspector Lovato.
And do we have the representative?
All in Carolyn, is it, and I'm sorry if it's Linset?
Like I think Inspector Lovato is on the wrong side.
Is it, is it Linset?
Yes.
Okay. I just want to make sure I'm saying it correctly.
And so Carolyn is, I'm assuming you, okay.
All right.
Go ahead and wear them in.
Can I get all parties for item number 6 and 7?
Please raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear on the penalty of poetry that the testimony and evidence you give it?
This hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.
Yes.
Thank you.
Inspector Lovato.
This is agenda item 6 and 7.
Case numbers 2, as 0, 2, 0, 3, 1, 2.
Property owner, Carolyn, M. Guadagnolo, Revocable Trust, Living Trust.
Property address 2613, Patton Way, Sacramento, California 95818.
Personal number 0, 0, 9, 0, 2, 9, 1, 0, 0, 8, 0, 0, 0, 0.
Today's January 10th, 2024.
My name is Paul Lovato.
I'm a building inspector for the Housing and Dangerous Buildings.
Case open on June 2nd, 2023.
Current case status, it's closed.
On June 6th, 2023, I arrived on site at 1 o'clock PM.
And from the front of the house, it looks like as if the roof has had no work done on the main house.
I do see there is a sign out front that states the properties up for lease.
I went to the front door and knocked and there was no answer.
So I left my card at the door.
I then walked the driveway and on the north side of the property where I observed new windows.
And I can also see the detached garage has had a new roof installed over it.
I took pictures around the site for the case documents.
I then called the number on the sign out in front of the property and received a voicemail.
I left a message with my information asking for a return call back.
On June 7th, 2023, property owner Paul Lenseth, not the legal property owner,
visited the office of concerns of the city's initial visit.
I explained to the property owner an inspection of the detached garage would need to be done to verify the work performed.
He then stated that he visited the office prior to commencing work and was told if he repaired 100 square feet or less, a permit was not required.
I let him know I needed to verify the square footage repaired.
He then stated he would check his schedule and contact me the following week for the inspection.
On June 28th, 2023, I received a call from a neighbor who stated there is work still continuing at the dress and wanted to find out the status of the permits.
I explained the process the city has taken with preliminary letters sent out and how penalties could occur.
I let them know we did have someone visit our office and how we explained to them an inspection was required.
They stated they would call me back when they could meet on site.
There has been no call back as of today.
They were stated that when they are back on site, they would contact me so I could visit the site.
On July 6th, 2023, at 8.38, 1 a.m., I arrived at the single family residence took photos and updated the case files due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to obtain a housing and dangerous buildings permit.
I issued a notice in order.
I also ordered a cloud be placed on the title and the title report done.
On August 9th, 2023, at 8 o'clock a.m., I arrived at the single family residence took photos, updated the case files and I sent the first housing and dangerous buildings monitoring fee for the willful disregard of orders or notices of violations issued by a city agency or commission authorized to issue such orders or notices and failure to comply with the notice in order.
As I was on site, I noticed there's a tenant now living in the residence.
I knocked at the door and there was no answer.
I left my card at the front door and hoped someone would get a hold of me.
On October 12th, 2023, I was copied on an email from the property owner to my supervisor stating Mr. Pearson.
I'm following up on my email and phone call to you from last week regarding make an appointment with you for a site visit.
I want to resolve the issues regarding a permit on my property.
I have made many visits and calls regarding how to resolve this issue.
Mr. Cosley stated I need to meet with you.
Please let me know when we can meet.
Thanks, Carolyn.
Good.
Hello.
I supervise a reply, Carolyn.
For our brief conversation yesterday, I'm following up.
I spoke with the building inspector case manager Paul of auto this morning.
And as of right now, Paul and I will be available for inspection on Thursday, October 12th at either 11 o'clock or 1 o'clock p.m.
Or Friday, October 13th at either 11 o'clock or 1 o'clock p.m.
If these times do not work this week, we can schedule next week.
Give us a day.
We will give you a time on October 13th, 2023.
I met with the property owner, supervising building inspector Pearson, onside at 11 o'clock a.m. to verify work per form.
I did verify the whole roof was replaced on the detached garage.
Owners stated that when they were told they could replace a hundred square feet without permits.
They replaced a hundred square feet at a time and the roof was completed.
We let them know that a permit is required.
Owner then became very upset and stated any communication now will be through their attorney.
On October 30th, 2023, I arrived on site at 1 30 p.m. with supervising building inspector and the owner of the property to inspect the work inside the dwelling.
It looked as if the property was only painted on the interior and I did verify the smoke detectors.
Urban monoxide detectors were installed so no more interior inspections will be needed that caused disruption to the tenant.
November 1st, 2023, permit, RES, 2323, 323 was issued and as of right now that permit has been finaled and the case has been closed.
This is for the notice and order of $1,075, a termination fee of $150, the title cost $175, collection fee of $40, other costs $305 for a monitoring fee.
The total cost comes out to $1,745.
The file was properly recorded at the Sacramento County's assessor's office on September 19th, 2023.
The property owner was not contacted prior to issuing the notice and order.
The preliminary letter was sent out June 6th, 2023.
The notice and order was sent to the property owner's address listed on the current title report 3240 Shastaway, Sacramento, California 95821.
It was effectively served on July 17th, 2023 by Substitute Service.
The notice and order was not appealed.
The appellant has received the information being presented this evening.
Staff recommendation that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of $1,420 for invoice.
CDDCHC17802 and $325 for invoice.
CDDCHC18145 for the notice and order on the property known as 2613 Patton Way, Sacramento, California 95818.
Partial number 009-029-1008-0000.
Thank you.
Thank you.
One sec.
Go ahead.
We wanted to be very cooperative before we did our small thing of garage.
We went down there and we were told we didn't.
You heard the reason that we wouldn't need a permit and that we could do it independently, eat more than one time if we did it separately.
So we were very careful to do exactly what we were told.
So then I didn't hear from them until I received a letter saying that my little garage roof was through the garage was now a dangerous building.
It's kind of upsetting because I don't consider my rental to be a dangerous building.
So anyway, we continued to, when we got the notice, we sent two certified letters explaining the situation.
And then we waited for them and nobody responded.
We kept getting other stuff like this much stuff.
Lots of them.
And so we kept getting stuff from them. And so we kept making visits.
And we went down to the city permit to try to straighten it about five times.
And Mr. Pearson was sick at one point.
We were told to make.
But in those days it took two weeks.
And even though we told him we had a case, they assigned us to somebody.
He said, well, we can't help you.
You have to call the other.
Paul Paul was working.
So that went on.
So finally, we kept getting bills and we didn't know what was happening.
And I was becoming a nervous right.
But I wasn't used to dealing with stress.
I was under.
In fact, I actually got chained up from it.
So and we kept getting intimidating letters and the policies were very up.
So we decided that we would go ahead and just get the permits so they told.
Also the windows are 20 years old and I didn't put the.
Just to put the men so I.
The prize for 20 year old wind.
The other one is.
I put both of them because I have two things.
I put the property involved to see.
I pretty much the property involved is a rental.
We have provided a safe, clean and comfortable home and have not raised rent for four years.
All the additional costs of permits, repairs, et cetera.
This will probably no longer be possible.
I was born 83 years ago and Sacramento lived here most of my life and loved Sacramento City.
However, now things have changed a lot.
Working with the permit department has been very disturbing.
Your policies and your ongoing intimidation.
I'd encourage me to do.
Continue to provide rentals in this community.
It is just too difficult.
I think my total charges of $3,264.96 just from the city.
Repair a small single car garage growth is unfair and unreasonable.
Thank you.
Yes.
Well, just for the record, your property was not deemed dangerous.
It just happens to be the name of our division housing and dangers bill.
So it's a, it's what you say.
Was not considered a danger.
Well, all the notes say danger.
That's our title.
Okay.
Thank you for that.
So I have a question I'll start with on June 7th.
It looks like Mr.
Linca spoke with one of the housing inspectors and it mentioned on here that he would check his schedule and contact the following week for the inspection.
And it looks like three months went by.
I think at that point we sent the certified letters instead.
On people to see.
Talk to me, but they couldn't.
I think it was a legal issue.
I'm waiting to try to get.
I guess the other question I would have is you found out that a 10 by 10 repair was allowed, but the entire roof was replaced.
Yeah, but it says you can do it as many times.
So you did a 10 by 10 repair numerous times in the same year.
Three times.
I started talking explain it.
And then there was more brought so then we had to do.
And they said there was no time.
We have Mr. Linca.
Can I get a city explanation of how that policy works as soon as they went over the 10 square feet in conjunction?
I don't know.
I think Rod and such they should have exposed it so that that could be inspected.
Make sure it's repaired correctly.
Trying to do 10 feet at a time is trying to go around the code and provide the proper inspections to make sure the structure is inspected and approved properly.
There is a 10 by 10.
In this case, it on to be a complete replacement is what it sounds like.
Okay.
The old UBC code before we adopted the ICC, it used to be an exception in the code.
And so kind of an unwritten policy that we still allow people to do roof repairs without having a permit, however, is no longer exempt.
Previously, it was exempt.
It was an exception for a minor repair.
Once we adopted the ICC model codes back in 2007.
Any type of roof repair requires a permit, technically, but the department allows for that exception as a courtesy.
Some of us older inspectors allow for that and our counter manager is one of the more questions from the board.
Any comments?
Yes.
His insistence on this.
Not to deal with the delays.
All they really needed to do was allow us on the property.
We could have cleared up once they did get on the property.
They cleared up the situation immediately.
We got a permit was done.
So a lot of the delay was the gentleman in the back.
For the break.
Okay.
Thank you.
Any comments from the board?
Good.
Yeah.
Oh, they're going to have to be sworn in.
Oh, okay.
Thank you for listening to my better half patiently.
I'm very unsettling process.
Very successful business and Nevada doing genetic reasons.
We are kind of, you know, the poster child of the people you don't want to see.
Leave your community.
We are going to we've decided to leave Sacramento and leave California.
We had a long discussion with the governor of Idaho.
Very long discussion with our employees, all of which are more than willing to leave the state that they're in now and move to Idaho.
This has been the straw that broke the camel's back for us.
80 years here and we want to leave.
We don't believe that.
We are not here to serve us.
Try to be polite, civil, try to explore.
Work with you.
What we got was a plane and simple.
We got lies.
Stortion.
Cams to say things that weren't true.
We no longer want to live with you.
And when I went and I talked to the governor, he said we would love to have you come here and bring your millions and millions of dollars in tax.
I pay a lot of taxes, a lot.
And it's painful for me to have to say I no longer want to live in your community and be a neighbor with you.
I love this community.
My family was here when it was still part of Mexico and I want to leave.
I don't want to be here.
I don't feel safe as Karen would tell you and she doesn't even like to talk about it.
I was assaulted twice at our home.
Our house has been burglarized twice.
Two of our vehicles have been broken into.
You know, we just are neighbor who lived there for 80 years.
Our husband got assaulted.
They moved to Tennessee.
We don't want to be here anymore.
It's sad to tell you people who are my neighbors.
Who I love being here, but not anymore.
I've seen my wife in tears dealing with this thing.
I don't know how to tell you how angry I am inside.
And so I thought, yeah, I think I understand that, you know, I'm an angry old white man.
And yeah, I am.
But I'm also your neighbor.
And what I can do is I can take the thing that I think makes most sense to a community is I can take my money.
I'm going to take all of it.
And I'm going to take my employees and go to another place.
People want us to be there.
I couldn't believe how much the governor said, look, we give you special tax provisions to come in here.
It's wonderful. We want to be there.
We don't want to be here anymore.
And it makes me sad.
You know, I tried to talk to these gentlemen here civilly and rationally and politely.
I tried to talk to you as well.
And it was painful for you to tell me things I knew weren't true.
Whether you thought they were true or not, I knew they weren't.
That broke my heart.
I said, you're not here to serve me, not me.
That is a fellow citizen, not as a neighbor.
And I said, there's no way of working with you.
No way of working with these gentlemen either.
I didn't know what else to do.
You know, we wrote letters.
We made phone calls.
We met with you.
We did everything we possibly could do to make it work and it doesn't work.
It doesn't work for me.
It doesn't work for my wife.
It doesn't work for my neighbor.
We want to leave.
That breaks my heart to tell you that.
You know, and I felt so strongly about it because I know you're going to get a new mayor.
I'm going to come and I'm going to talk to him and I'm going to say, look,
the problems I had caused best to leave.
Now, after what?
150 years, my family decided to leave.
It helped painful at ease.
My roots are here.
My school's here.
My family was here.
My parents were buried here.
My parents are here too.
We're going to leave.
Thank you.
It breaks my heart to tell you that.
Something's got to change.
I hope the stuff that I'm saying helps you correct the problems that I tried to detail in our letters.
We didn't take the time to sit down and write them to save a couple hundred bucks or whatever.
That wasn't our point.
We saw a system that was failing us.
Failing you too.
Because you're going to go through the same thing we did.
Nobody deserves to have somebody tell them we don't really serve you.
We don't believe you.
The laws are different for somebody else.
That's not what you want to hear.
Each one of you is going to confront the exact same thing that we confronted.
I hope that the people working for the city treat you better than they treat you.
Thank you for your comments.
You want us to do it again?
We haven't even voted on it yet.
So we're still going to talk internally.
Are there any comments or do we have any motions anybody?
Here we go.
I'll get used to doing that.
I do have a question.
I'm sorry, Doctor.
Would you tell me your last name again?
L-E-N-Z-A.
L-I-N-D-S-E-T-H.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a way off.
We do appreciate your comments.
What we're here to do this board is simply base our judgment on the information that it was given to us.
And the information that was given to us, of course, you're quite aware that it was presented and you have the paperwork.
I understand your thoughts on what you thought could be done.
I'm speaking specifically of the 10 by 10.
As it was stated, clearly, that was a courtesy that can be given at one point, but ended, I believe Doug said, 2007.
So from that hasn't been on the books.
What is that?
Whatever, 10 plus years.
I understand.
So.
Should not have.
We worked in good faith.
And that's all we could do.
I understand that.
The downside is the.
Something that you don't want to hear and I'm not saying to be a belligerent of any manner is when you run up.
You do something in a traffic violation.
And you simply stay.
Well, I didn't know that.
That law, please officer in the judge will tell you ignorance of the law is no excuse.
Again, I'm not trying to be so harsh and blunt.
But the person who did give you the misinformation, unfortunately, then it falls back on you to actually confirm that.
I understand you thought you were speaking to.
Well, let me ask this, you know, I'll conclude.
What office or do you remember the person that gave you the information of doing 10 by 10?
Do you remember who you spoke to?
What office did you call that gave?
I didn't call office.
I actually with another person.
In to see him.
I know who it was.
And I was willing to honor the 10 by 10.
He exceeded the 10 by 10.
Well, I'm with you.
And this I'm just making sure that where you asked the question that you were in the right spot.
So you were in the right spot.
So again, it was just the courtesy that was being extended.
So we're all clear there.
And it is unfortunate.
What has come to be in regards to your family wanting to leave.
Again, coming back to why why this board is here.
We don't, none of us work for the city of Sacramento.
So we're, we have to pass judgment on the information given to us.
So what that said.
If they're, let me ask.
My other board members, anybody else have a question?
Sorry.
Just going to really quick make a comment.
Do these need to be voted on separately?
Anybody that makes a motion.
Let's make sure we do two separate.
Let's do one motion at a time.
And what that said.
I'll.
I'm sorry.
I thought I heard somebody speak.
No, go ahead.
I said.
The board will make a motion for staff's recommendation confirming the total charge.
I'm sorry.
You just said that.
Let me back that out.
Restart.
The board makes a motion.
For staff's recommendation.
Of the first charge.
What is the one thousand four hundred twenty dollars for invoice CDD.
CHC one seven eight zero two.
The notice of.
Hold on to me.
Make sure I'm doing it right.
Yeah.
For the notice of order on the property known as two six one three.
Bettenway Sacramento, California nine five eight one eight eight.
APN number zero zero nine zero two nine one zero zero eight zero zero zero zero zero zero zero.
Thank you.
Yes.
Fisher.
Chamberlain.
Boyd.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
And then do I have a.
For the second.
Or it'll make a motion of.
Of staff's recommendation.
Confirming the charge of three hundred twenty five dollars for invoice number.
Let me for invoice CDD.
CHC one eight one four.
This is for the.
Monitoring fee correct.
Monitor monitoring fee.
Infliction fee totaling three hundred twenty five dollars.
Or property known as two six one three.
Bettenway Sacramento, California nine five eight one eight.
APN number zero zero nine zero two nine one zero zero eight zero zero zero zero zero zero.
Thank you.
William.
Yes.
Fisher.
Chamberlain.
Yes.
Boyd.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right.
Dr. Lin set the Mrs. Lin set the board is found in favor of the city for the charges.
You'll receive a notice in the mail.
Thank you very much.
Moving on to item number eight.
Okay item number eight election of chair and vice chair for twenty twenty four.
We've been limited to five minutes.
We've been limited to five minutes.
I think that's the last thing.
I said we've been limited.
It says estimated time five minutes.
Well.
Mr. Speaker.
Actually I.
Excuse me.
I'm having a good time.
I would actually like to make a motion.
Well you know what?
I just jumped in if anybody else would comment.
If not, I will.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
That's this before.
Because the rule change.
The city of Sacramento.
It's a two year.
A maximum term that a chair can see.
Sit.
Now can they do that.
Consequently.
Thank you.
With that.
I'd like to nominate.
Chair.
Tablin for.
For chair.
Thank you.
Second.
Chamberlain.
Yes.
And Tablin.
Yes.
Gore.
Oh.
Oh no.
Sorry.
Fish.
Fisher.
Yes.
Boyd.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
I forgot to take that off.
Sorry.
I have a minute time.
I know.
I was sorry.
That was from the last one.
You said we were too quick.
You guys were quick.
So, do we have a recommendation or for the vice chair?
Chair, I'd like to make a motion for board member Fisher for vice chair.
Do we have a second?
I'll second.
Chamberlain.
Yes.
And Tablin.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
Fisher.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Well, thank you.
Everybody.
I appreciate it.
I look forward to serving one additional year.
Now, we as well thank you, Boyd.
Moving on to board comments, ideas and questions.
I do have one.
This summary was hot.
This winter, I'm cold.
Can we work on the heater?
I said that when I walked in.
I said do they turn off the heater at five.
So.
Chair, no comments.
Unfortunately, my power has no bearing on this situation.
Nor do I want to comment either.
Any other comments, questions or ideas?
I have one.
I suggest that the criminal billy and vector code properly reads them.
Get the comment.
That's your boss.
You want that out?
Well, here are your announcement of your retirement later at the next meeting.
I'm sure.
So do we have any public comment or motion?
No public comment.
I will say we'll adjourn.
Thank you, everyone.
