...
Meeting enforcement chief Peter Nemo responsible building and
No.
And yes, a vendor car.
Council to the board.
All right, Secretary, please call roll.
Here.
Here.
Here.
Here.
All right.
Here.
All right.
At this time, I will ask for everyone to stand for both the
seat.
We will start with the land acknowledgment.
Please rise for the opening acknowledgments in honor of
Sacramento's indigenous people in tribal lands to the
original people of this land, the Nisanan people, the
southern may do, valley and plains me walk, Patwin,
Winton people, and the people of the Wilton Rancheria
may acknowledge and honor the native people who came before
us and still walked beside us today on these ancestral
lands by choosing to gather together today in the active
practice of acknowledgment and appreciation for Sacramento's
indigenous people, contributions and lives.
Thank you.
We also do.
Thank you.
All right, today.
Our items three through eleven.
All right, today, for items 3 through 11, we're here to consider the expenses incurred
by the city and the notice and order and the repair, demolition or securing of any building
or structure done in the housing and dangerous building cases before us, together with any
protest or objections.
The question here is, are the fees, costs or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable
and justified?
This board may revise, correct or modify the proposed charges as we deem just, once
the board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, we shall then make a decision
confirming or rejecting the charges.
Any written protest and related information received have been forwarded to us for consideration
in our decision.
You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the
mail.
Our decision will be forwarded to the city council for a determination whether the steering
was conducted in accordance with the city code.
All right, each item will be called in order of those requesting to speak unless staff
or board members request it otherwise.
The owner representative should state their name and address and explain the nature of
their appeal.
Please be concise.
The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case, including the recommendation
the owner can then respond.
The secretary will swear in appellance and city staff prior to each case.
We will now move on to item one which is approval of the minutes of the June 12, 2024
here.
We will move on to item number two has been withdrawn, so we will move on to item number
three.
Inspector Lavotto, and I apologize if I'm not getting it right if I'm not saying it right.
Is there two darlenta?
Item three and four, I have a problem.
All right.
Please raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give
at this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Inspector Lavotto.
This is agenda items number three and four, case numbers two, three dash zero, three, eight,
five, five, two, property owner, darlennetta, fugue, property address five, seven, six, four,
five, four, nine, six, five, five, four, nine, six, four, nine, six, four, five, four,
fire prevention officer Wong for the complaint of a dwelling uses a room and
board with multiple beds throughout the dwelling.
A knock to the door, after a second time of knocking, the garage door opened
and a lady met us out front of the dwelling.
I explained why I was on-site and how an inspection would need to be performed
due to the complaint made and to verify the property is in violation.
She then stated that I would need to speak with the house manager to schedule
an interior inspection.
I let her know I would be sending off a letter to the property owner and I would
deal with the owner about scheduling an inspection.
She then asked for my business card and said she would pass on my information
to the manager and have them call me.
November 27, 2023 at 7 o'clock a.m.
One second, I don't mean interrupt.
I see the dates.
Can you confirm that they just out of order or is the March 4th after March 7th?
I'm going to say that March 4th, I was out there and it looks like March 7th was when
the penalty was.
Okay.
Perfect.
Just for clarification.
Thank you.
November 27, 2023 at 7 o'clock a.m.
I arrived at at the single family residents to take photos, update the case files and
due to lack of contact from the owner and failure to obtain a housing and
dangerous building permit, I issued a notice in order.
I also ordered a cloud be placed on the title and a title report done.
These are the fees being appealed here today.
So on March 4th, I arrived on site at 1 o'clock p.m. with fire prevention officer Wong
and met with the property owner.
When I met with the owner out front of the property, she stated she did enter the property
prior to me arriving and had no idea there were so many people in her property.
I didn't ask who was supposed to be in the property and she stated she had just got
married and moved in with her husband.
She was allowing a friend to state the property.
She's guessing her friend and rented out multiple beds to people and now that she has
seen the inside, she has been trying to get a hold of her friend.
We then entered the property and I could see that there were three beds set up in the
living room.
We then went to the garage and it shows there is no one living in the garage.
We then inspected the rest of the dwelling.
The property looks to be up kept pretty good.
All smoke detectors have been removed.
There also shows to be a total of eight beds throughout the dwelling.
We then went to the front of the property and I spoke with the owner about the over the
six beds and fire prevention officer stated smoke detectors are required in the bedrooms
and the rooms leading to the bedrooms.
She also is requiring fire extinguishers.
The owner stated she was going to contact her friend and tried to have everyone removed.
If not, she was going to start the eviction process.
Officers were taken of the certain areas where patients were not at for case documents.
Then on March 7th at 2024, 10 AM, I arrived, single family residents, update the case
files and I sent the third housing HDB monitoring fee for the willful disregard.
Orders are notices of violations issued by a city agency or commission authorized to issue
such orders or notice and failure to comply with the notice and order.
Itemize for the cost of the work, the notice and order was $1,075.
The title cost was $175.
The collection fee of $40 and the other cost, $305 was for the monitoring fee.
The whole cost come out to $1,595.
This of the less pendants cloud was properly recorded at the Sacramento County Assessor's
Office on January 10th, 2024.
The property owner was contacted prior to issuing the notice and order.
Preliminary letter was sent out on October 18th, 2023.
The notice and order was sent to the property owner's address listed on the current title
report of 5764 Holly Hurstway, Sacramento, California 95823.
She was effectively served on November 28th, 2024 by Substitute Service.
The notice and order was not appealed.
Helen has received the information being presented this evening.
One other thing I was going to let you know on this dollar amount down here on the bottom,
since there's two agenda items, I'm going to separate out the agenda.
The dollar amounts.
The staff recommends that the board adopts the decision confirming the total charge of $1,270 for
the notice and order known on the property as 5764 Holly Hurstway, Sacramento, California 95823.
The parcel number 117-010-4008-0000.
And for agenda item number four, staff recommends that the board adopts the decision confirming the total charge of $325 for
the notice and order, or for the monitoring fee on the property known as 5764 Holly Hurstway.
The Sacramento, California 95823, parcel number 117-010-4008-0000.
Thanks.
Please, I want to make sure I pronounce, how do you pronounce your last name?
Perfect, thank you.
Mr. and Mrs. Pueh?
No.
Oh, sorry.
My maiden name is Pueh.
My married name is Nunnery.
Yes.
It's married name is Nunnery.
What would you like to be called?
Nunnery.
Nunnery.
Yes.
Okay.
Nunnery, go ahead.
And then just make sure your green light is on on the.
Thank you.
So, I believe when he did send the complaints, it went to the Holly Hurst property and he went.
That actually the person that's on the lease.
So, we didn't become aware of this until I believe it was March 7th when my wife was actually physically contacted.
It had to go up there.
Got all the news about what was going on.
We walked through there.
And April 10th, we were turning, we turned an attorney.
That's right now in the eviction process.
We've saved any type of rent from them.
We haven't been able to serve them.
I mean, it's just been a.
That's where we are.
We're apparently paying two mortgages and pay $10,000 for an attorney.
Then no, I know maybe.
You to the law is not an excuse, but.
Not able to get the occupants out of the house.
They're refusing to leave.
The family friend can't get a hold of him.
He moved.
But he still has the people in there.
And they're older people.
So, we did try to talk to them to see if they can get a hold of him.
And they're saying that they're not able to, but they're still paying him rent.
And this is not the first time we found out.
This is not the first time that he's done this to other people.
And so, like I said, we are.
We do have an attorney.
And she's in the process of.
We don't know anything about the law, but it's the exparte.
And so, that's where we're at right now.
And it's just going back and forth of them going to the house and.
Trying to, to get let them know about the eviction.
But we have attempted to reach out to him.
We've attempted to talk to the people there.
To let them know that one, I'm the owner.
And he gave a false name to them.
So, they didn't know who his real name was.
And I'm not able to get a hold of, because it started out with his mother.
I had a relationship with her and then it was her son.
So, I'm not even able to get a hold of his mother.
So, right now, we're just waiting on our attorney to let us know when it's done.
Like you said, it's more than $10,000 that we've been waiting.
And once we did find out, we did reach out to Paul.
My husband, he had been a communication with them.
So, as our attorney, I'm just trying to let them know we're not able to do anything.
Still receiving the bills as well as long as with the late fees.
So, even if we do pay it, we're still getting late fees.
And we're not able to fix anything.
That's really what we're waiting for.
There's no forward in address.
So, at this point, they couldn't serve them.
But at this point, now we're asking the judge for the final point.
There's no forward in address, but it still has to be.
Right now, we're kind of at this.
Probably we're kind of at this.
I feel like to say also what my wife said.
Paul, a couple of minutes.
Call her to paperwork.
attorney.
Doing the best we can to get out of this situation with these people out of there.
And this is really truly an unfortunate.
I don't even know if they're going to know where to go.
Time comes and caller will it turn and it's time to change the box and whatnot.
I'm just envisioning a bunch of open.
I can't reach anybody.
It's been a big headache.
And also in the house, by the way,
prepares.
Down with it.
Thank you.
Any questions?
What's the correct mailing address for you?
8971.
What address was the notice in order served on?
The grant deed still showed her living at that address.
And so that's where the notice in order was served.
And then I noticed in the title search,
there was a case street address for Mrs.
for Ms. Pew.
Was there, were you ever at the case street?
No, that was as possibly made.
So did Danny any?
That wouldn't have been a proper address for you anyway.
No.
All right.
Paul, I have a couple.
So you mentioned in your summary that it was a third monitoring fee.
Yet I don't see a list of when you visited it previously.
I mean, except for the November, the notice in order date.
It shows that there was five monitoring fees that have been sent to that property.
And I know the case opened in October.
They should be coming monthly, but like they say, they do keep in touch with me.
And when there is something going on, they hired the attorney.
They filed the paperwork.
I might have held off on one month of the fees.
But when like today, when it's there's nothing.
And then yeah, they have monitoring fees keep going.
Were those other fees already paid?
Did they come to us already?
I'm just a little confused in the timing of the notice in order versus a third fee.
The notice in order takes a while to be billed out because the notice in order comes before this board.
As a notice in order itself.
And then it has to be finalized.
And then once it's finalized, then it has to be sent for billing.
So that's why it takes a long time for the notice in order fees to come in front of this board.
And that's why we're here on the third notice to monitor fee.
So there was a notice to monitor fee put out January 2nd, February 5th.
And then this was the third one on March 11th.
And there's two more coming up for May 10th and June 20th.
So now you're where there'll be a couple more fees coming as well.
Okay, thank you for that information.
While we're in this process, I mean the fees are just going to keep.
I mean, this still going to occur when we have an attorney.
I mean, we're in the fourth month of this.
The eviction has started again.
We retain the attorney on April 10th.
But of course, you know, as well as I do, the eviction process in California is a very long process,
especially when you have no forward in address or contact info for the person who's on the lease.
So I believe what he was saying is so those fees had already been charged previously,
apparently before you were aware of it.
And so I think what Paul was saying is that now that you're in contact,
you'll be able to maybe not prevent them all, but at least mitigate some of that process
that may stem some of the future fees.
I'm not speaking for them, but you'll be able to talk to them about that.
So I think what Supervisor Doug, thank you, was mentioning that those were previous fees
that will be coming soon just because of the billing process.
And then the notice in order I asked is they do have an obligation to notify you,
but it is at the address of record.
And so they did mail that by certified mail and all the things that they needed to do,
for legal process, unfortunately, you didn't receive it, right?
So they did what they needed to do.
Just to explain the process, the censoring communication with the officer.
There he's not a new penalty, so it would be normally a monthly penalty.
But he's required to monitor the property to make sure of change,
to make sure that he's protecting the asset so things don't get worse.
And that is a couple of problems that started out already on this property
was one that didn't get recorded for a good mailing address.
And two, we have a code and requirement in the City of Sacramento
that any rental is registered with the rental property or a program.
And that gives us a direct phone number to the landlord.
So as soon as the officer gets there, they have a direct phone to call the person right then.
And the property is not registered with us all either.
That's a couple of problems that happened, but in the nine months poll
has issued five monitoring fees.
So he escapes a month and then significantly since he's seen the recording of your eviction in May.
And so he is working with you guys as much as he can,
he is required to monitor the property to make sure that the asset doesn't become worse than it was.
I understand.
And the things you just mentioned, we're aware of it now.
Okay. Thank you.
Another question, you answered it, but at the same time.
In regards to.
Well, after March 11th, the.
Let me, let me restate.
Is there any opportunity.
To stop the incurring of the actual fee costs, even though monitoring still has to take place.
Monitoring is cost recovery for their time, so.
Separate them and spread them out more since so since the.
May 11th.
Eviction notice went out.
Pause monitor one time, so it's basically three months he has monitor one time.
So he is working with him on that point, but he does have to still monitor it.
If he puts the action of monitoring so that he can put his documents, then it's not automatically charged the fee.
It's not a.
It's not an option for the officer once he puts his notes puts documents that he was there.
And it's automatically going to charge it.
He may be going by and monitoring at other times, but.
The times that he puts the notes is when it's going.
It's no appreciate that.
Excuse me one second, the air condition is.
This is the 305 305 fee we're talking about.
Or what's the fee exactly again that we're going to be standing in the near future.
Correct the monitoring fee is 305.
Okay, it changed on July 1st, but he hasn't charged you one of those.
80.
So 305 went to 380 beginning July 1st, but so far he hasn't charged that and hopefully he'll be able to.
Thank you.
She said he went up to 380 July 1st, 2024, and that 2023.
That all of our office changed on July 1st of 2024.
Sounds like I'm yelling to the microphone.
I'll ask an obvious.
Or maybe not obvious.
Have you guys spoken to anyone at the Department of Health and Human Services.
In regards to getting guidance or reference referrals to.
To extend to the.
I was a tenants, but to the folks that are living there.
Those are actually that, but that's that's a good idea.
I mean.
It's really just our blindsided by all of this and.
We didn't have any guidance besides going online and looking at different things.
But what was the department again?
Health and human services.
And the.
That's sure.
If it was Doug could brought this up in a case prior.
Not a case in a pellet where it was a which I can't think of.
I can't think of a department that helped seniors.
It was the.
Maybe that was you.
Doctor services.
Thank you.
We have a doctor services and then also.
I'll connect our department of community response.
We'll also look and see if the.
Are able to.
To go to other type of housing.
So it's the eviction goes towards the end.
They'll be able to assist in housing them.
They'll be able to.
Okay.
I didn't know DSR would come into play.
But that's.
DCR.
Yes.
That's kind of what the role is to assist with housing.
It sounds like these tenants are paying rent to somebody.
So.
Maybe we will.
We're going to ask that they go out.
Our department can respond.
Community response will not speak to them.
So they will stop paying rent to somebody else.
And.
Know that they have other options.
So they're.
Especially if they're able to pay rent and they'll be able to.
And.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
I mean, I appreciate that.
But you're welcome.
But to that as well was stated.
The cost is built in every time a report is made.
So that that does happen.
There is options that this board can do.
I don't have my questions there.
I'll see if any other board members have a question.
And then I think.
We'll.
We'll make the motion.
Yeah.
Mr. Lavado.
I see that there were violations.
So I'm.
Perceiving from my reading were rectified.
Such as the occupancy in the garage.
What.
Since the case is still open.
Do they.
Are you all aware of what.
The.
Existing.
Those would be to rectify this so that you don't accrue.
Additional.
Is it just smoke detectors at this time as they're still over
the reality.
The real.
I see the rental housing inspection program which is an easy fix.
Do you all know what actually is.
Needed to rectify this so you don't continue to accrue costs.
So, the attorneys like do not.
Any other questions from the board?
Sorry, let me give my green light on.
A question for Inspector Lovato where it's written, the patience.
Why was that phrasing used?
There has been times where I've gone there and there is nurses on site that are dealing with some of the people can't, can't, can't even walk around.
So, there is people there taking care of their patient.
Yeah, it's more of patients.
I appreciate that if that was in print, that would have helped me out.
But now to that, so there seems to be a lot more here, a lot more going on here than we've been discussing.
So, if there's in home care going on and these are seniors, there's a paper trail of monies.
Yeah, there's a lot going on here, but thank you for that.
If I start, I may not stop with my questions, so I'm done at the moment.
I'm done. Thank you, George.
I have a one question. So, on March, either 4th or 7th, Inspector Lovato came out and then you filed the eviction on July 5th, it looks like.
Why did it take four months for the eviction to occur?
Well, we initially told them verbally, again, first time landlords.
It has to be a paper trail, what everything you do.
I ain't lessen here. Now we know.
So, it seems like these people know how to take advantage of the system and they obviously took advantage of us.
So, in those months, we're telling them they had to go.
They're like, okay, but nothing was moving until we got an attorney and nothing is still moving.
So, that's where we're at.
And I know you were told not to fry your attorney to reach out, but is it just need the smoke detectors and to be registered with rental housing to stop this?
And the property should be registered for what it's being used for.
So, if it's a women board, you know, whatever the property is being used for.
So, once it goes over six or more beds, it's not a residence anymore.
And there were eight.
Eight when I was there, that's what I got.
All right. Any other questions from the board?
We have a motion from the board.
The two items and as I understood, Inspector Lovato's breakdown item three is related to the notice and order fee.
So, I wouldn't make a motion that this board confirm the total charge of $1,270.
For the notice and order fee on the property known as 5764 Hollyhurst Way Sacramento, California 95823.
Personal number 117010400800.
$1,270.
$1,270.
That's for item three.
Item four will be the remaining.
The remainder is just the three.
Monitoring fee plus the processing fee.
Thank you. I guess my brain is moving slower than my math skills.
Do we have a second?
I'll second.
Tablin.
Yes.
Fisher.
Boyd.
Aye.
Ryan.
Yes.
I'd like to make a motion on the item number four.
That we actually waive the $305 monitoring fee on the property known as 5764 Hollyhurst Way Sacramento, California 95823.
APN number 117010400800800.
So just to confirm before we do a second that will leave the $20 fee because that's 325.
Oh, they keep forgetting about the $20.
325.
Thank you, Chair.
You're amending it to 325 versus 325.
Amending to 325.
We have a second.
I'll second.
Yes.
Yes.
Boyd.
Aye.
Oh, Brian.
Yes.
Right.
So before I go over to what just happened because I get that it could be confusing.
I just want to remind you of what we said earlier in the meeting is we're here to consider the expenses incurred by the city and the notice and order and the repair demolition securing and building or the structure of the housing cases.
Whether the question is are the fees costs or amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified.
So I completely, the board completely understands your situation and clearly get the issue that you're going through.
But at the same time the board does have to recognize that the city did expend money to do the monitoring to meet with you all to have the discussion to do this out.
So the board since the item is broken into two pieces upheld the first item item number three of $1,270.
But to try and alleviate some they did go ahead we waved the three hundred and twenty five of the second.
So you will receive an information packet in the mail that discusses what just occurred.
So you're aware.
I just highly encourage you to continue to work with the inspector.
And we will go to the health and health and human services.
Thank you very much.
All right item number five inspector martinoni.
I'm meeting Billions, the inspector dead person is reading from.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Ramirez.
My attorney is supposed to be here.
He's going to be here in about 40 minutes.
And I move it back.
Yeah.
We can we can move you.
Yeah.
That's fine.
Let me I am already having my own problem.
I think this is.
Five and six.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought I was off by one.
All right.
So five and six were hold for.
All right.
So let's go ahead and call up item seven and eight.
So that would be inspector guilders leave.
And.
Ronda Phillips outside.
And it's Ronda Phillips.
Raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence.
Do you give it this hearing shall be the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
All right.
And then one second.
You're right.
The thing.
Give me just a second.
It's item seven and eight.
Does anybody know what page it starts on?
Seven and eight.
There we go.
87.
Yeah.
Something on the side.
Because otherwise because now we're going to have to flip back down for five and six to.
Are we all there?
Are we ready?
All right.
Inspector guilders leave.
Sorry about that.
Isn't the matter of agenda item seven and eight.
Case number two four dash zero zero three three eight eight.
Property owner is Leithia Hill.
Property address located at 7600.
Tier would weigh also numbers.
Zero two four zero zero three five zero zero zero zero.
August 14, 2024.
Again, my name is Ariane Gildersleeve.
Build director for city of Sacramento.
The report is accounting of expenses special assessment.
Case opened on January 25, 2024.
Currently the case status is still open.
February 5, 2024.
I arrived on site for an initial inspection of a single family.
Due to a complaint I received for the electricity being turned off.
The property owner died in 2022 and smud disconnected power and removed the service feeders for repeated attempts of power theft.
Windows around the home were concealed.
I proceeded to the front door and knocked several times receiving no response.
After several minutes three individuals.
Individuals exited the home and stated they were renting the house and were in direct contact with the property owner.
They stated the home currently is without electricity and cannot be occupied under those circumstances.
Which the occupants declined to vacate the premises.
I posted the property with dangerous building placards due to life safety conditions.
February 6, 2024.
I requested to have a buster preliminary letter, notice, an order, title and cloud to be sent out.
February 9, 2024.
On site with Sacramento Police Department and supervising building inspector Doug Pearson to remove the persons in the home.
Once the home was secured I performed an interior inspection.
Finding this structure to be uninhabitable conditions including junk.
Spread throughout the house and blocking egress smoke alarms had also been removed and windows were broken around the home.
Called gray construction to board all damage openings to the home to the home.
I posted dangerous building placards around the home.
I took photos before and after the securement.
April 10, 2024.
A permit had been obtained by the decedent's daughter to make repairs to the property as of August 8, 2024.
No inspections have been called in.
Staff recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming the total charge of invoice.
Number CDDCHC19033 for the amount of $1,292.50 item number seven for the notice and order and work performed by the city on the property known as 7,600 tier wood way.
Staff also recommends that the board adopts a decision for confirming the total charge of invoice.
Number CDDCHC19827 in the amount of $2,346.33 for item number eight for the work performed by the city on the property known as 77.
Number CDDCHC19827 in the amount of $2,346.
Number CDDCHC19827 in the amount of $2,346.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm just going to make sure that a little green button is on and then pull the and then pull it closer to you.
That you have to be patient with me because it's my first time so I don't know what you expect or what I'm supposed to say or what have you instead just went through the summary of events.
Is it counts or however and stuff so I mean, I think you might need to pull the mic a little closer still.
Okay, is that better better? Yes, thank you.
Okay, so again, I don't know what I'm supposed to say or the things that you're asking for you.
So at this point, this is why I mean, I read or we've had your protest of why.
And so your argument was that you were properly notified of the that's why that's why you're appealing today, right?
Right.
So, so the problem that that I had is the concern that I had is able to, able to 20 second, able to 20 second, I hadn't received anything from the city invoices or anything of the such.
I emailed Mr. Gigane to sleep to ask him for in forces and stuff so I can turn them into the insurance company because I found an claim on the house because everything that was done in the house was a result of was a result of people coming in illegally and staying in the house.
I had the police report eviction paperwork because I had to evict them instead of the police put them out.
They told me that I had to evict them, although they broken to the house and all of that, I had to evict them.
So, okay, it was going through the eviction process or however and stuff.
And I don't know how the city got called or whatever, but the city got called, he came out, he did what he did or however and stuff.
And so, he came out, he did that and stuff.
So, April 22nd, I still hadn't received anything so I reached out to Mr. Gigane to sleep and I asked him for some, I asked him for invoice so I can send to the insurance company.
He emailed me back to let me know how to receive the invoices that I had to contact the department of finance or something like that to do that.
I done so and I did the paperwork and everything else to request the invoices.
So, again, so I did, I did the paperwork, I thought the paperwork to request the invoices and then the next thing I know, the invoices come with this hearing.
So, it's like, okay, I mean, what happened in between, you know, me receiving the invoices and going to court?
So, can I ask the house, is it a rental property?
The house was my mother's house and she passed.
She passed the house and fully furnished because at the time, my father was sick as well so I was going back so to take care of him.
So, the house was city, fully furnished, everything else.
I didn't go in the house, didn't take anything out the house because then we had to go into probate because she didn't have any wheel of what had you.
So, they said, leave the house, let it, you know, everything stay in the house and sit on whatever so that's what I did.
I was back down South, taking care of my father until my father passed, approximately, approximately eight months after she passed in stuff.
So, I, you know, what took care of his business or whatever, took care of his business or what had you and stuff and then when I, you know, I got myself together from her passing and then him passing and all of that, then it was time for me to, you know, to come back to the house.
But by then somebody had broken into the house and started staying in the house.
So, when I found that out, I contacted the psychominical police department and they came out and I had the reports and they said that I had to evict them.
They couldn't put them out because they said that they had a, they had a,
the police waters rights.
A squad is rights of whatever and they couldn't put them out.
And it's like, well, you see the house is broken into because the things are broken, you know, for them to act to get into the house and stuff.
So, I still can't put them out.
So, then I had to go through the eviction process which took almost eight months.
I started the eviction process in June.
June, I do believe.
And June of this year?
June of 2012.
You started the eviction process?
No, I lied.
No, not June 2012.
June of 2023.
I started the eviction process because my mother died in 22.
I started the eviction process in June of 2023 and stuff.
And so, you know, through the process to appeal eviction.
So, that kept us going back and forth to court and then she filed the bankruptcy which stayed the eviction.
And, you know, she kept the bankruptcy would withstand or go away or what have you and stuff.
And then I, you know, we go and she filed the bankruptcy again to, you know, stay.
So, it was like, where are you right now in the eviction?
When the city did come out, they were stealing the house.
And so, they put them out.
We put them out of the house.
So, they, okay, that's right.
You did keep, I remember that.
Okay.
And then they came back.
So, like, oh, they keep coming back.
They kept coming back.
And then, yes, they kept coming back.
They did come back.
A time or two.
They came back and they went in the house.
And then we had to put them out again.
We called the police to put them out again.
And then they came back.
And they started just, they brought a big dumpster of garbage and dumped it in the front yard.
And then, you know, just to.
So, right now, Inspector, the last thing on here was April 10th of 2024.
But the case is listed as still open.
There was a list of items that needed to be done to the property.
Yes.
And where are you on those items?
So, the only thing that we've done to the property was we got all the debris and garbage and things that they left.
They left a whole bunch of junk of what happened and stuff.
We ripped up things out of the house because the house is.
Or it.
So, you know, took things out of the house and what happened and stuff.
So, we were waiting on the insurance company.
So, now I'm in a struggle with the insurance company.
So, I'm trying to get them out because they broke into the house.
And we go through all this.
I got the eviction paperwork and all of this, but they still trying to say that those.
It's on me.
Okay.
So, I guess my only concern is I'm assuming.
Inspector, that these fees are going to continue until.
I hope because she's already pulled the permit.
Oh, okay.
So, the permit has been pulled.
So, you are starting the work on.
On doing those items.
What was the permit pulled?
Approximately.
What month?
Okay.
Oh, as of August 8th.
No inspection.
No, that's.
Yeah.
No.
It was pulled in April 10th.
April 10th.
Okay.
That's good.
Okay.
So, basically what I'm just saying is the permit has been pulled.
The permit was pulled in April, right?
We had to have an issued permit for liability purposes for them to enter the house and clean the house up.
So, that's why they had to get a permit in the first place.
They haven't done any inspections because there's really nothing to do except turn on power and maybe gas and then do final inspections.
And they're not at that stage right now.
And because she's having such a problem with the tenant.
The illegal tenants not not coming back.
It's best not to turn on power because so long as there's no power in there, she's having real problems.
And we can have them removed.
But once power comes on, then we run into habitability issues.
So, right now, I think she's doing the best she can to clean up the house and keep the house under control because without power, nobody's supposed to be in the house.
Except her or her people when they're cleaning.
Ms. Phillips, correct?
Yes, Ms. Phillips.
So, you weren't sure quite what you were supposed to do here today.
And so, in your appeal of the fees, this is a listing of the fees, the costs that the city has incurred.
And they need to be reimbursed.
It sounds like you have an avenue to submit them to the insurance company, although the insurance company is kind of giving you a little back and forth.
This process is to confirm that those costs were charged in relation to their processes, correct?
And it's not for us to decide that you did anything wrong or that you're not doing what you need to do.
It's really about the numbers.
And it sounded like you needed those numbers to get them to the insurance.
So, not to advise you, but sometimes the appellants want to ask for a reduction in the fees or removal of the fees.
And it's not clear, is that what you're looking for?
Are you looking for an accounting for your insurance company?
Your insurance claim.
Again, you have to bear with me because it's my first time at this process.
I don't know what to do with what's happening or what have you and stuff.
So, I did the appeal because, again, I sent the email to Mr. Gilderslade into the financial department asking for the invoice because I hadn't been billed.
And then all of a sudden, I get the bill and it comes with hearings.
So, I mean, I was just confused as how we got to the hearings.
And so, you know, I did what I thought was best to do the appeal because, again, I mean, how come?
I'm at a hearing.
And stuff and I haven't even been properly...
It's probably the appeal.
The notice in order was mail to the property because that was the information of record, the last address of record.
That's correct.
So, it sounds like the notice was served properly upon the address, although...
And I'm sorry that you've lost your hand so soon.
That's a hard thing to go through and then to have all this on top of that.
I am sorry.
As information, the notice in order and the...
A.K. notice were mail to the PO box in San Leandro.
In addition to.
Oh, correct.
So, they did go to the address or PO box that is currently used also.
Oh, okay.
So, it sounds like the notices were served properly, Ms. Phillips.
And in that case, the...
The action that the city took to clear the property, secure the property were appropriate and actually served you, I think, a bit.
So, I think we're in.
The PO box is your PO box in San Leandro.
Okay.
And you received the notice order when at the PO box.
No, I'm asking when did you receive that?
There were two notices mail on February 7th of 2024.
I received the city's paperwork here and it's telling me to...
Yes.
Yes, I did receive that.
I did receive that paperwork.
Yes, I did receive that paperwork.
But as far as the invoice, with the paperwork, I didn't receive that.
That's why I contacted Mr. Guido to finance department to get the invoice.
Thank you.
Building inspectors don't have access to the accounting program.
We can work here to get her the invoice.
I'm pretty sure.
We'll be done during via demand request.
The city has a...
Or I'm not sure if we're able to do that.
Okay.
So, she does have them now.
Right.
So, right.
That's what I was going to bring you forward that she has it now, expecting it months prior, but it was just explaining how the process works, why you didn't get the invoice sooner, because it goes through its process.
And you received it as the process calls.
I forgot my question.
Just give me a quick second.
How do I phrase it?
There isn't anything that you did that, as you hear, in front of us for an appeal.
This isn't a, you know, like a court room where you've done something wrong, and then now you must come to court.
This is a board of volunteers that we hear appeals to what you've been incurred the code violations.
That's all this is.
It's, you know, there's nobody going to jail.
But, so, but, so, I mean, I'm just trying to relieve a little bit of stress intention.
So, that's why you're here.
Great that you did the appeal.
So, you could find out more information, even though it's in front of you, having folks trying to decipher it.
I have questions a lot, and I sit back here.
I don't do this for a living, but what that said is the understanding of what is taking place is more of what you've been asking.
So, from what has been stated, I think we've arrived and answered your questions of why you're here.
Again, it's nothing that you did wrong.
It's simply because of the situation with the house and the code infractions that the house had gone through.
The great construction for stealing the house, so forth, so on.
And those costs are a hard cost for, you know, they nail the wood, whatever.
They submit great construction, submit their invoices.
It's forwarded that cost is your owner's cost, and, you know, that falls into your lap.
So, that's that great construction to which one second I do have a question.
I don't believe I've ever seen the great construction invoice this high at a house.
Is it something that is a huge house with multi, I mean, additional windows in the norm?
On this particular one, we had to board up every property in the house.
That's why it's so high because there were multiple openings that we had to board up, including the sliding door, front door.
They were breaking in everywhere.
So, there were many, many openings that had to be boarded.
So, you know, moderately sized house.
So, normally you see one or two openings.
This was like 15.
Oh, it's a complete seal.
A complete seal, yeah.
I was wondering.
The unfortunate side, as was just stated by a supervisor Pearson, every egress had to be sealed.
It's usually, you know, say a front door, back door, and you're good or a window, so forth.
But since every single way that someone could come in had to be sealed off,
IE, the high dollar amount, because it jumped out at me as well.
So, the unfortunate side, that is the construction company's fee, not the city of Sacramento's fee.
And they're admin fee of $300.
Again, that's their admin fee.
Or is that us?
That's the city's administrative fee for processing.
All the paperwork and all the invoice and the certified letters and that stuff that goes with it.
Thank you. My screen went off and I didn't quite read through.
But that's where we are for the hard costs.
The invoice that you now have, as explained, that is why you're here because you were peeled,
and your appeal was actually appealing if the costs that are on the invoice are true.
Or, yeah, are true to what is, for the work that has been done.
And with that, let me ask, are you clear up now?
I know my explanation might have been shot either, but are you clear now of why you're here?
Okay, just asking because some folks are still wanting to make sure.
So with that, I'm going to turn it back over to the chair.
Thank you. Any other questions from the board?
No.
At this point, I'll go ahead and make a recommendation confirming the total charge of invoice number CDDCHC19033.
For 1,292.50, item number 7 for the nurse in order to work performed by the city on the property known as 7600.
Tiro would weigh APN number 0430240.
03500000.
Thank you.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Brian.
Yes.
All right, for item number 8, confirming the total charge of invoice CDDCHB09827 for 234633.
Item 8 for the work performed by the city of the property known as 7600.
Tiro would weigh APN number 043024003500000.
A second.
Fabian.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Brian.
Yes.
All right, Ms. Phillips.
So the board is found in favor of the city for the two charges.
However, you do have what you come here for.
You do have the invoices that you've been looking for to provide to the insurance company.
And I wish you the best of luck in getting the property taken care of.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And then continue to work with Inspector Gildersleeve and to finish out this so that you don't get any additional fees.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to jump back to is it Mr. Ramirez.
All right.
Let's get in.
We'll move on for right now to item number nine.
Inspector.
All right.
Item number 10.
Inspector.
I can't scroll all the way back up to this.
Oh, you know what I can.
I can do that.
All right.
Hold on.
Here are my carters number 10.
Oh, yes.
That was pulled on there.
Okay.
Item number 10, which is Inspector Carter apologies.
And then the representative is Gonzales.
Javier Solarzano.
Cynthia Medina.
All right.
Sorry.
I'm so sorry.
So let's first start before we go over.
I'm just so I can do the names before I forget.
Who do we have?
Javier Gonzales and Cynthia Medina.
Javier Gonzales.
Got it.
And Cynthia.
Cynthia Medina.
Solarzano.
But you can just say Cynthia Medina.
All right.
So.
Go ahead.
When you're ready.
What number is this start on?
I mean, what page?
Can I have everybody for item number 10?
Please raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony
and evidence that you give at this hearing shall be the truth?
The whole truth and nothing but the truth.
Thank you.
All right.
Second item number 10.
Case number 23-04-3555.
Property owner is Javier Gonzales and Cynthia Medina.
The property address is 8385, the Lane Treeway, Sacramento, California, 95823,
Carso Number, 1170, 68000, 37000,
next day August 14, 2020,
F, it's Jeremiah Carter.
Case was opened on November 17, 2023.
Current case status is closed.
On November 20, 2023, I went to the property for a complaint of a vacant home
being occupied by squatters.
When I arrived at the home, I verified that the home was vacant and unoccupied.
There was a posted notice from the Sheriff's Department of an eviction dated October 23,
2023.
There was one broken window that had been covered with tape and plastic.
Other than that, the home is secured and locked.
The fund service was disconnected in November for non-payment.
It was a contact number posted by the property manager.
I called that number posted, but there was no answer, so I left a message.
Limitary letter was sent out to the listed owner.
On November 23, 2023, I met with the property maintenance person at the home.
Over the list of violations and scope of verify was smudged that a new account had been set up on December 7, 2021.
It was a broken window in one of the bedrooms missing smoke detectors and no carbon monoxide detector present.
Also missing and broken electrical outlet plate covers throughout the home.
Property manager said they will be replacing the window glazing and all other violations listed would be repaired within the month.
January 26, 2024.
The inspection was due.
There had been no contact from the owner or property manager.
The window was still broken, no repairs appeared to have been made.
I requested a notice in order, cloud, and online title report, which is being appealed.
March 11, 2024, I met with the property owner to review the repairs.
All repairs were made, no other violations were visible.
Staff recommends that the board adopts the decision, confirming the total charge of $1,292.50, but the notice in order on the property known as 8385 Langtreeway Sacramento, California.
Thank you.
All right, whoever would like to speak Miss Medina or Mr. Gonzalez.
Thank you.
Hi, my name is Cynthia.
Thank you for your time.
In order to give you a little bit more background into our situation, we kind of built out a timeline.
So if you look at the packet and you look at the last page, we're not even listed as the owners that were given this summon originally.
We're not here to argue that we didn't receive summons, but I just want to give you a little bit of background.
So we put in an offer on this home and it was accepted December 4 of 2023.
On 1, 2 of 2024, the title search found that there was some code violations and the seller's agent confirmed via email that all of the violations would be resolved prior to the close of the sale.
On 1, 4, 2024, our realtor reached out to Jeremiah Carter and Jeremiah at that date confirmed that there wasn't any type of fees associated with the violations at that time.
So on 2, 1, 2024, we signed on the home, which if you can see that's a really big gap.
It took like two months to close.
And that date, we on 2, 1, 2024, we signed on the home and on 2, 1, even before the grant deed was even recorded.
My husband, Javier, email Jeremiah asking for instructions on how to obtain the permits to resolve any of the open cases.
That was before we even knew that there was any fees associated because we wanted to act in good faith and we understood that it was a nuisance to the neighborhood.
So on 2, 2, the house deed recorded and we became official owners and Javier came in person to seek information regarding permits because we hadn't heard via email.
On 2, 6, the seller's realtor sent our realtor an email with the notice of the proceeding action at that point we hadn't even moved into the home.
So 2, 9, we received the notification that the permit was ready for us to start making the repairs that were needed.
On 2, 23, the window, which was one of the biggest violations was installed and we rescheduled any valuation with Jeremiah.
When the case was closed and complete, when we spoke to Jeremiah today he said he even drove by the house recently he noticed that there was a lot of changes that were made.
We are seeking for the board to eliminate the fees because we weren't the owners at the time and we've acted in really good faith.
We immediately resolved all of the issues and the case has been closed.
Is there anything else you wanted to add?
No, it was a long process, that's what I wanted to say.
We went to a loan extensions because there was issues with the selling realtor and we knew the code of elections.
We knew there was a code of elections and there wasn't any fees associated with it.
I think the fee was administered in between when we were going to be closing, which is very first and then when we close.
We basically said all right, we want this house, we're going to go through it then.
The realtor promised us that things were going to be, the selling realtor promised us that things were going to be completed essentially or fixed.
We got it, we said okay, you know what, we can fix them.
At that point we just didn't know there was a fee associated with it.
We got notification like a day or two after we closed, I'm like what is the price?
Not the best of the prices, but we're like yay, you know what, that's what we're here.
As soon as we figure out, hey, there's the fee associated with this too.
We got it quicker, we got to get this like essentially process because I know Jeremiah mentioned that.
We take longer, it's going to be like that model in terms of fees.
We got everything done within basically, everything done within a month.
I looked at the history of the house, I'm like there's been 10 to 15 other COVID-19 back to 2019.
It takes years for the city to fix those.
We fixed it within a month.
I mean, we know all the neighbors, all neighbors are like we're glad to have you here because it's, it's a different environment at this point.
So yeah, no, it's more like good faith.
Again, we understand it was a violation.
We just didn't know like the fee was going to be pressing.
We became owners.
I have a quick question.
So I know we've had cases similar to this in the past and I know it's been said that well, first let me ask.
Did you know the house was for sale?
The previous property manager had said that the house was going to be for sale, but I hadn't heard of any pending sale or anything like that.
Okay.
The time of the, at the time.
You've noticed in order.
So I think it's probably going to be for you, Mr. Lemus.
I know.
I know with these cases when there's a property that's being sold or in the process being sold, do you guys try to do the title immediately?
I think you've said that or Doug said that before in the past.
So I did see that well, they mentioned they took possession on February.
It closed.
I think the grant you to record it on two two.
And then.
Yeah, so they got noticed.
But I guess the question is if it was for sale, would it normally have been posted before?
Or I mean.
Anything you want to add to this?
We received a demand on January 10th from the realtor asking with their code violations.
We provided them in demand saying yes, there's code violations.
Yes, there could be fees forthcoming.
And so then we see that.
Then we're like, okay, we don't know what's going to happen.
So do your mind move forward and notice the order?
Not sure what was disclosed to the buyer.
And so then, of course, the time overlaps between the time we issue the notice and order.
And they're in the process of closing.
So possibly the sellers.
Realtor who reached out and got the demand.
That said, yes, there's violations.
Here's Jeremiah as a name and number.
And there can't there can be fees forthcoming.
But the fees hadn't been outlined.
They had not been accrued yet.
Okay.
They were accrued.
They were noticed after that.
We do receive escrow papers that it's in escrow.
We get notification.
It's an escrow.
Normally, we won't issue any fees or penalties.
It's not grew up the escrow process.
But in this particular case, we had no formal notice.
Okay.
Questions from the board?
So is there any chance of you getting reimbursed from the seller?
No chance.
It was a pleasure.
And we already asked.
And it's really unfortunate because like this year has just been literally like during the closing process.
I got laid off and luckily I have a job now.
But it like we weren't expecting this charge.
And it's been really costly.
It was costly to even do like the window repair which was one of the biggest things that was here.
So that's why we're asking for you to consider an elimination of the charges because we really weren't expecting this.
So we're hoping that you'll take all of this into consideration.
Any other questions from the board?
Thank you, Chair.
Your last statement that you guys weren't expecting it.
I understand, you know, unforeseen cost.
As she plain most had stated, a letter of demand from your realtor was sought.
January 10th.
Do I have that right?
And it would have been the seller, right?
So not or realtor.
We're with a buyer.
So let me let me stop you for a quick second.
Let me go back to the chief.
It was the buyer's realtor or the seller's realtor that asked for the letter of demand January 10th.
I believe it's the sellers.
And on their part it looks like probably 30 to 40 days after they closed.
First opportunity they could do anything to this property.
They made the repairs in the case closed.
Thank you now, I'm clear.
Sorry about that.
Just making sure.
Here's the bad news.
As you're here, the fines are attached to the property.
Not the owner.
Yes, I didn't write that.
That's just how it is.
What that said.
I'm going to hand back to the chair.
Maybe as something that.
Maybe you can offer something more than what I can.
See how you this this you pitch it.
Or I make the comment.
Are there any other.
I will say this is one of those unfortunate circumstances.
While I usually tend to.
I'd with the city when there are things because they are expanding the funds to do items.
I completely get that this is what I would consider an extenuating sort of.
With that, I will ask if there are any recommendations.
I would like to make a motion for a reduced cost.
So I would like to recommend to the board that we.
The notice and order fee.
Keep the termination fee processing fee.
And the title cost fee.
That would be.
Not the old fashioned.
I'm not finding.
So I would recommend I would make a motion that the board confirm a total charge of $217.50.
Or the cost incurred by the city at the property known as 8385 Langtreeway, Sacramento, California 95823.
So number 1170680037000.
Second.
Second.
Sorry.
I didn't.
I second.
Still.
Fabian.
Yes.
Fisher.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Brian.
Yes.
Apologies.
I'm leaving my phone up so I can keep the number.
So the board, again, if you didn't quite catch that we've basically reduced all of the notice and order fees.
So your fees went from 1,292.50 to 217.50.
So it's a drastic cut.
Completely understand again.
And like I say, mostly for the city here is I completely understand the costs incurred.
I think this is one of those unique circumstances where we get it.
It sounds like so.
All right.
This happened.
Hoping this helps at least, but you will receive a letter in the mail detailing.
So much.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
All right.
We're going to move on to the next item, which is item number.
Okay.
Anybody know what five and six starts on?
66.
You want paper copies?
Five and six.
Page six.
No, it's all right.
Yes, it is.
The attorney don't we have a city attorney prison?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
I can't read that.
Somebody needs to get their eyes checked.
Oh, that's his attorney.
Oh.
Oh.
And then I didn't get her name.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to lie.
I've lost track of what I.
That's the last one, right?
So that's this would be the last two for today.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got that.
Okay.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Item five and six.
Please raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing?
Nothing but the truth.
Apologize.
It's been so long since we've had an attorney.
I don't remember how we start this off.
Do we start with you all or do we?
Okay.
Then who?
Box.
Okay.
Jason.
Item five and six.
Case number two, four dash zero, zero, three, nine, eight, zero.
Property owner.
Romero's revocable living trust.
Property address.
49.09, 15th Avenue.
Also known as 49.11.
15th Avenue.
Parcel number.
Zero, two, one.
Zero, zero, two, one.
Zero, two, two.
Zero, zero, zero, zero.
Zero, zero.
Case manager is Jason Martinoni.
Once again, supervising building inspector.
Doug Pearson presenting.
Case was opened on January 30th, 2024.
Case is still open.
January 30th, 2024.
Building inspector Jason Martinoni arrived at the commercial structure.
Due to the request made by the Sacramento Police Department, a pop team.
When we arrived at the Sacramento Police Department, pop team was at the location and made contact with four occupants who were living in the commercial structure.
For multiple beds in suite, 49.09, and one bed in suite, 49.11.
The structure is a commercial building and not meant to be used for residential occupancy.
Due to suite, 49.09, not having active electrical service.
There were multiple extension cords ran from suite, 49.11, into suite, 49.09.
Provide power to the adjacent suite and other dangerous electrical violations.
Building inspector Jason Martinoni contacted mud and requested the active electrical services at 49.11.
Determinated because of the immediately dangerous electrical violations.
And requested an interior inspection be performed before electrical and service can be restored.
Due to the amount of debris, trash, and belongings, a full inspection could not be performed.
Posted dangerous, posted as a dangerous building, and the occupants were vacated from the structure.
The notice and order was issued, the funders were downloaded into the electric case file, and the cost of the notice and order and procurement is what is being appealed here today.
Staff recommends confirming the total charge of 1,245 for the notice and order on the work being performed by the city as 49.09, 15th Avenue, also known as 49.11, 15th Avenue.
Montgomery, California, 95.0, parcel number 021, 0021, 022, 0000.
For item 5, item 6 confirming the total, the staff recommends the board adopts the decision confirming the total charge of 1,025 for the procurement of work performed by the city known as 49.09, 15th Avenue.
parcel number 021, 0021, 0022, 0000.
Thank you.
All right, Mr. Orange.
First, what was the work performed by the city?
The work performed was a procurement by our by great construction. We had to secure the building with with boards.
We'll address that first. The board's already there. All I did was add by the element prior here will testify.
Anyway, Mr. Prior was retained. His services were retained by Frank Ramirez to clean the place up and secure.
There may have been a misunderstanding because while in the process of doing that, he spent the night there and that's where the mattresses came from.
Some of that bedding material was storage provided was storage belonging to Susan Norris.
The copy itself was used as storage by Frank Ramirez. There was nobody occupied and was not to have anybody lived there or occupied or used it for any sort of business until he got up in the necessary permits.
I don't think that Mr. Ramirez was aware of what was going on with Mr. Prior and may have been a misunderstanding between Mr. Prior and Frank.
Mr. Mayor's own numerous properties in Sacramento.
I can tell you he's quite busy taking care of those properties. We have not just this property, but other properties that are involved with the city of Sacramento.
So his time is well taken up by a lot of items. Physically, can he sit there and monitor this property 24-7? I don't think he can.
So he's relying on people he hires to report to him. And I don't think he was made aware of the fact that Mr. Prior was actually spending the night there.
And Mr. Prior will testify as to why he spent the night there. Apparently, it was him, a person named Jesse and Jesse is a girlfriend who didn't do any work. I think she's 76.
While they're doing the work, we lay down in the mattress and rest. There was a fourth person you said.
Anyway, I can have Mr. Prior explained to you the situation that was going on the property. But my point from a legal point of view is why should my client be charged with that knowledge?
Did he have actual knowledge of it? Was there constructive knowledge? He's being held. He's being charged with the violation of the building code based upon conduct of people that he hired.
I suppose if there's a strict liability, I don't think there's strict liability here. So you need to have some kind of cause and effect relationship between the actions taken and what Mr. Ramirez either did or did not do with respect to those actions on the part of Mr. Prior.
So it says here that the reason it was initiated is due to a quest made and I'll ask for a description of what POP stands for this is that I'm assuming SPD as Sacramento Police Department's.
Department has what they call problem oriented policing units. So there are three different units throughout the city, one of the North area, one in the South and one in the Midtown and Southeast area.
They're also the police department units that are involved with the.
So why were they called the police department called us because they were having problems at that space with people in it.
I don't know you'd have to ask them they called us.
Anyway, that was apparently Mr. Prior and is working on that just I know in a second.
Well, Mr. Prior explain the second is more clarification. So apparently for there's two.
So that's for that building.
Power cords were what four nine zero nine had the active power four nine eleven.
There was no power so that's why that's where the power cords came from. They were run from four nine.
Okay, from four nine eleven to four nine but the.
Outlets run four nine zero nine correct.
Anyway, one anyway, that's where the power cords came from.
They were being used by Mr. Prior, but I'll go ahead and let them explain.
I'll need you to move up to the microphone.
To answer your first question, the police department was out there because my girlfriend who is schizophrenic and has a mental disability months prior to that was brutally raped underneath the freeway.
They were looking for her and she didn't she she doesn't have an address other than the fact that she stays with me.
She didn't have an address on file for the police department to find her so they knew she frequented the area so they came over to find her.
The.
The investigator for the police department or the highway patrol.
Let me correct that not the police department the highway patrol were looking for her because the night of the incident the highway patrolman.
You know, ruptured the rape and and the guy was later found accused of two other rapes so they were in the middle of an investigation and they were trying to get a hold of Tana.
She came over to talk to me one of the officers that was with the team that they referenced.
Had had helped them find her to do that so why they after that.
She had been there they had been there to find her for the highway patrolman and they said they wanted to enter the building.
I said do you have a do you have a warrant to enter the building.
You know I said okay well then there's no reason for you to enter the building.
We're repairing the building it's it's a mess.
There's a lot of stuff in there.
It's it's packed for storage.
Several people Susan's and Frank stuff is it's packed wall to wall so I had not not completely wall to wall but there's a lot of stuff and we had to.
I had to remove it so in fact conversations between me and Mr. Romeras were about whether or not we're going to bring in a dumpster to pull it all out.
We were out the back and build a fence around the backside of the property so I built a still france all the way around the backside of the property.
So it didn't look like a nuisance from the street and then I removed seven vehicles which were from Curtis in 4911 who was a barber in 4911 and he had a bunch of cars old cars stored back there and I had to remove seven vehicles from there.
So the work is quite extensive that I'm doing on the property and sometimes I stay there all night to do the work because during the day I have to complete my normal job where I go and repair houses and buildings.
In fact if you need evidence of that my phone is full of it.
So if you guys want to see pictures of all that I don't mind sharing them but I I I jack up buildings in fact his other building that I worked with Gilbert Tafoya.
A contractor for the state that helped in the receivership of the other building and I'm the supervisor on site that jacked up the building ran a girder down the center of it in 15 footings under it to make it to bring it up to code because there was code problems and code violations and I'm the guy that does that work.
So that's why Frank hired me.
No I didn't inform him that I was spending the night there but when you're there doing work sometimes you're just tired.
So can I ask there was a couch in that room that they called a bed and there was no other bed in there it was a couch that I had folded out so my girlfriend could lay down while I was working.
Mr. Lee most or Mr. Pearson thank you.
The city code about not being able to reside in a commercial building overnight does that have any exemptions for people working on a property.
No but the building isn't set up for living and that's what we consider living and have a ability.
So with people sleeping in the building it becomes a danger and the courts we saw it was it was a fire hazard.
And I'm just going to read one more time because I know you just got here so when we first started.
The item that we're here to discuss it's we're here to consider the expenses incurred by the city and the notice in order repair demolition or securing any building or structure done by the housing and dangerous building cases before us.
So with any protests or objection the question is are the fees cost or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified.
The other thing I didn't address sorry because I lost track of everything I was saying.
The lumber and the case of screws that were sitting there I allowed the workers to use or there I tried cooperating with everybody so they could.
The screw the screws into the back door which is what they did they secured what was already secured they put more screws in it just to make sure nobody get by and the boards on the front windows that were broken by residents there in South Sacramento at that.
Stockton and 15th right there a lot of people break windows they do crazy stuff they try to break in and so all the boards that were there all the lumber that was used was mine and it was already there was already most of it was already boarded up they just secured it more with my screws.
Okay.
Well I mean the incurred expense I believe we at least I've heard for Mr. Pearson several times anytime they have to come out and do a securement I know they charge just to come out and do the securement but again.
You are slaying the night there so I guess real quick is you didn't see them come out while you were there.
You didn't see them come out since you were staying the night there.
So you let them you didn't have any concern with them securing the property.
Okay.
Then we don't need a search warrant I go yeah.
I have this arm.
The officers are grabbed this arm and they janked my arms a lot.
Okay.
Okay.
Before I ask the question or you did you have any other statements I mean I just you can still talk I'm just saying you have any other statements before I open it up to the board for other questions.
All right.
So any questions from the board.
The prior you said that you were there with your girlfriend and your assistant was there with his girl was there with his girlfriend wife.
Okay. So do you have a home.
Do you have a home address.
And your assistant has a home.
Oftentimes.
And it was raining.
Mr. Pearson.
What other indications of occupancy other than and the pictures I see a couple bet a couple mattresses.
And then I do see the extension cords extension cords but were there any other evidence of occupancy food items.
I don't consider that because normally for for living purposes if we see beds that mean people are living there in an occupancy that is our determining fact.
You can't use food it like he said if he's working there for construction purposes he's perfectly capable to bring food on site and eat lunch there.
And as a secure securement goes we secured two doors that's what the costs are for so I have we have pictures of that.
That's what great construction did is they can they secured two doors now if they had covers on multiple windows and boards they may have put in more screws to secure those those boards and windows that were existing.
Packets.
Backside.
Or in or break it in.
Other thing.
The mattresses.
I'm sorry as you're speaking just so that everybody can hear a clean move closer to the mic.
I question the.
I was just at an other property with another client or had the police officers issue a notice of trespass I was that personally they're making sure thing when according to plan and there there was not only the mattresses there was evidence of food clothing bicycles.
I was a solid evidence that these trespassers are actually living in this gentleman's property so notice of trespass and out they went with the personal property.
So I don't see as a matter of law how you know the mere existence of mattresses is conclusive evidence of somebody's residing in a commercial building and using it as a residence.
In this type of occupancy for commercial spaces there should be no mattresses in it there should be unless you have a mattress company and a commercial building there should be no mattresses.
I don't agree with that but you heard Mrs. Explanation so my point is Mr. Ramirez was not aware of this so Mr. Pair did not a prize Mr Ramirez of what was going on with the property or the existence and the use of mattresses for a seep over as well they were working so I understand that he's not aware of it but again a lot of the things that we see here I'll give you an example as a pot grow the landlords not aware that the pot grow but the ultimate responsibility lies on the owner of the property.
Unfortunately we've asked this question numerous times is even if the person that is occupying the property is not aware of what's going on the city code requires the landlord to be responsible for what does occur and the city still has to come out and make sure that the building is safe and secure.
Just clarifying so I think that's how that looked in your eyes that the owner is responsible not the landlord the owner of the property I was giving the example I'm sorry for a residential property like landlord owner that's what I meant sorry no problem I saw his years yeah I meant owner sorry.
Yes this is I guess is a two-prong question for the city and for Mr. Ramirez's worker he testified under oath that he tried to secure the property but he was with help by the police is it the city has to secure the property through their contracted companies that or can an
non-city contracted person secure the property at the time that it needs to be secured.
We would we would allow the owner to secure the property not necessarily somebody we find on site we would have to have direct permission from the owner to be able to do that.
And in fact that's what I did last week for another client I was the one who secured the premises that put board in the locksmith secure the doors put the board up in the windows so we did that.
Is it representing the owner thank you.
We know the police were there.
To that what was stated by the gentleman in the back he did not convey what was going on to the actual owner.
The owner has to give consent and or do the securing not a third party without the consent of owner.
And that being recognized by those on site.
So the unfortunate side since the owner wasn't notified that he could.
That he could secure the building and then there would be no cost because great construction at that point wouldn't have been needed.
But the owner wasn't on site and or contacted to which.
If you have the question or excuse me if you have the answer to the question.
Or was the question asked the the Sacramento police department tried to contact the owner.
Before we arrived there we did ask.
The police department said they couldn't get a hold of the owner at the.
Again that's why we secured it.
We had no authorization for any of the individuals in there to represent the owner.
So we we assume they were trespassing and we had to secure it.
They use their database to get the information.
I have no idea what I have no access to their database.
They have the police department has their own database that they used to try and get a hold of individuals.
Mr. Boyd made a good point is that.
That's what I did on the other client.
The police called my client.
My client called me.
I go down there.
I meet the police.
I take care of it.
We never received the phone call.
It was never getting the opportunity to go and secure the.
As an owner.
Certainly could have done a lot cheaper than a thousand dollars.
So I think that cost my client about 150 bucks.
To your statement.
If there isn't.
Start with the police department.
We don't know what their database is.
What they used.
So they stated to.
It's that no co-enforcement that they did try to contact the owner.
If the contact number name and number is in plain view near a friend door to where the police could.
I'm just making a statement.
If it was in plain sight.
Where the police would then just say, well, here's the owner.
Here's the phone number.
And then make that call.
And let's say the call went to voicemail.
So there is no answer.
Great construction.
Would still still the.
The premises.
Because there was no.
Interaction with the owner.
So.
Your statement.
The law, which is correct.
The police.
He could have asked him contact the owner.
And you.
So they were already in front.
If I heard you correctly.
So they were in process when you got a hold of the owner.
That sounded different from what I thought I heard you first thing.
But to that.
So if they were in process.
They're in process.
To which they're going to bill.
The owner.
For the work that they started.
And would have to complete because they wouldn't walk away in the middle of the job of.
And they're going to be in the building.
And with that, I'll turn it back over to the chair.
Back to you, chair.
So.
The process.
Today's.
I think.
Our chair.
Explained again.
We're here to hear the fees and hear information about the fees.
There was an earlier opportunity to actually appeal.
The details of the notice and order.
Is there a reason why that wasn't appealed.
Mr. Orich or Mr.
Emerson.
I.
Feel a lot of properties that this like I said, I just saw this this evening.
No, he has not consulted with me before with regards to property except for this week.
I represent them on other properties, but not this particular property.
Yes, he.
I see that as long as appeal, he doesn't address the fees themselves.
I think.
So.
So.
I thought I could come here and appeal the whole process.
The building I used basically for storage.
I ended up five million.
If 94 months from South Korea and.
I don't know.
And I think sure what I get.
Five million.
About four million.
Face cards.
About 20,000 gallons of one gallon.
And.
Hand sanitizers.
That went out to 384 tribes.
And about 40 states, including Alaska.
So my storage here, what I was doing, I'm storing and shipping these things out through the
military.
You know, it's been a four year project.
And I didn't charge anybody a penny for my four years of work or handing out five million.
And you can show them the mess.
So.
I.
The reason I'm just trying to clarify what you're saying.
So what Miss O'Brien is saying, Mr. Ulrich, is that you didn't contest this.
You're contesting it now.
But you're.
This is the contestment of only fees.
Not you're making a case that this should have never been a site.
They never should have been cited.
Well, he said I'm appealing the board up.
And on the course.
This is not for the.
This is just for the.
There was a different appeal before this to appeal the case.
So you're only appealing the fees right now.
So we're trying to hear why you think the fees are inappropriate.
You're telling us why you think this whole case should have been thrown out.
That would have been the other.
That's.
That's not this appeal.
That's not why we're here to.
Different year to here.
Okay.
Yeah, there must been some confusion here.
Well anyway, so yeah, I using this is the only appeal from your file.
Yeah.
All right, I completely understand, but again, we can't change the hearing type.
Because again, we're only here to hear the costs recovery.
No, that was confusing to me because that's what he addressed before tonight.
So unfortunately, it's actually not these documents.
Great construction.
So I mean, before I just say that there's a cost and great construction for my understanding, please correct me when I'm wrong.
But they bid.
There's a bid and great construction is the lowest bidder for the city to come out and do when they're required to do a board up.
And so this is the lowest cost bid that the city received to do a board up when they're required to do a board up when this situation occurs.
So again, if you're contesting that this place was not habitable, was not being used as a residential, that's something you should have appealed at the notice in order state, not at the cost recovery stage.
No, I thought there was another appeal before this.
Well, there you should have appeal if you were trying to appeal what you are appealing now, that would have been the appeal before this.
Yes.
There would have been a packet in the mail that came with the notice in order that said you could have appealed it.
We're going to only.
We're only allowed to hear because this case is closed or is it open?
Oh, no, this case is open.
They haven't.
They don't have any permit.
They have no power.
So this case is not technically usable.
Is that question there were electrical violations or violations or publications violation?
So that the attorney is aware is the building and a continue to get additional fees.
Yes, and penalties.
So this case is just going to continue going.
So just so you're aware, you're going to continue to get penalties and fees until the issue is addressed.
Yes.
This building is not usable in its current state.
I'll tell you what, after this, you guys can discuss why it'll keep going because we can only hear the cost recovery right now.
But this is something you should definitely discuss with the city.
But for right now, we're going to continue to just hear the cost recovery portion of this.
Right now, I'm using it strictly for storage.
I didn't want to pull permission to do the work to fix it up.
But right now, I just have storage.
That's how I'm doing.
No, I get that.
But we can't.
We can't hear anything that's going to go forward.
We can only talk about cost recovery right now.
Anything else?
How do you make arguments for cost recovery?
You can.
That's what this was.
Yes.
That's what this hearing is for.
That was down the fact that there's no appeal for.
So anyway, my point is.
The reason why the play.
They allegedly made an effort to contact the owner.
His work.
The key issue he hears.
The fact that the facts as to what the police did or did not do.
The respect of contacting the Mr. Mayor, give him an opportunity.
There is own.
You're going back to the original hearing.
Again, you're not arguing the fees you're arguing.
have two doors for over 1,000 seats.
Not even itemized.
So what are you doing?
Always were they there?
What material did they use?
It's a Pearson.
Would you like to describe?
There's a response fee.
And then there's a contract.
We have a contract amount for each opening.
So it's the openings plus the response fee.
That's it's based on a city contract, like playing based on the lowest bidder
who applied for the contract.
So two medium openings and their response fee.
The bid was based upon a representation made based construction.
The base needed to be soon.
It had already been secured.
No.
When I said the bid, it's an overall city bid.
Not a bid for that facility.
We have a contract that was based on lowest bidding.
That specifies what they charge for securing openings.
It's not per incident.
It's a two year contract.
They get that they bid on as a city contractor.
So anything specific to the fees before we rule or before we discuss?
So what the gentleman is saying that this is a flat fee.
The gentleman said what work is done or not done.
Well, understand the response fee.
That's going to be always the right to respond.
And then it's a flat fee per size of opening.
The securement fee.
Yeah.
So there were two openings based on I believe medium, medium size.
And that was the cost associated with them.
I have a property under two and I own some apartments.
That's really accessible.
$1,000.
That's $100.
The secure two.
I have a my own repair crew.
I can do it in an hour and maybe cause.
It trust me.
I completely agree with you that the costs are excessive as a property owner myself and as a landlord.
Because I would be upset.
I would definitely be answering the phone right away.
However, we've had this discussion with the city multiple times.
And they put out a city county wide contract asking.
And it's only because it's and work again, please correct me if I'm wrong.
It's mandated by the city for a securement.
Correct?
Yeah.
So that's why they're not doing it because they want to.
They're doing it because the city mandates that they have to do it.
And then what they do is go out to bid.
They go with the lowest person, which was great construction.
So trust me, if this was me on the other end, I would also be upset.
I now know.
I don't have a choice.
The city mandate code.
These are as.
Have to use the word have to.
Have to do that.
Did they have to do this?
No.
Now you're getting back into the notice in order.
I have nothing further.
All right.
At this point, I will ask.
Does the board have any additional questions?
All right.
Do we have a motion from the board?
I'll make a motion on.
Item five.
I recommend that we follow the.
Recommendation.
Staff's recommendation.
Confirming the total charge of $1,245 for the notice in order.
And work performed by the city on the property known as 490915 Avenue.
A.K.A. 4901115 Avenue Sacramento, California 95820 APN number 0210021022000.
I second.
Yes.
Yes.
Hi.
We have a motion for the second.
Yes.
I'm just getting my thoughts on this.
I'll make a motion in regards to item number six.
Hold on to me.
Make it easy on me.
There was.
I recommend a total charge.
Reducing the secure mid fee of $705 down to $350 just for easy math.
Maintaining the $300 administration fee.
The collection fee for a total of $650.
On the notice in order and work performed by the city on the property known as 490915 Avenue.
A.K.A. 4901115 Avenue Sacramento, California 95820 APN number 0210031022.
One more zero.
I'm reading this.
I need clarification on the two.
I miss this.
I apologize.
This two.
Separate cost.
I think I'm.
So one is the secure mid.
Oh, Mr. Yeah, well, one is a secure mid with the administrative fees.
The other one is the notice in order and the termination fee.
So it's separated.
The first one we ruled on the 1245.
The second one is 1,025, which he's recommending $650.
Thank you.
Yes.
All right.
Good.
Do we have a second?
I'll second.
Tablin.
Yes.
Sure.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Brian.
Yes.
All right, Mr. Ulrich and Mr. Ramirez and Mr. Prior.
I hope I got that right.
On item number five, the board upheld the $1,245 for the fees.
On item number six that was $1,025, the board reduced that down to $650.
However, in which we cannot discuss here because the board can't discuss items out in front of us.
I highly recommend you work with the city on the additional fees that will be coming your way if they have not already.
Because until the item is addressed, the property will continue to receive fees.
Again, we have no part of that.
We only hear things that come to us.
So highly recommend you work with Mr. Martinoni.
Is that correct, Mr. Pearson?
Yes.
Jason Martinoni's case manager.
Sounds good.
Just a quick question.
I don't want to be a quibbleer here.
It's $12.45 and not $12.25.
Well, $45 because they add there's the $1,075 for the notice and order.
The termination is $1.50, the collection fee is $20.
I think it may not show that.
So it doesn't.
So the total cost is $1,245.
I was just looking at this one.
Okay.
And then the other one is $650.
Yeah, right.
Well, you should receive that in the mail,
detailing the reduced on the second one and then the full on the first.
Is my client going to get noticed?
Well, I guess we'll talk about that.
Yeah, you'll have to work with them.
Sorry.
We don't work for this thing.
I can get some notice here.
All right.
We're going to move on as soon as I can pull up the.
Oh, no, I can move on to item number 12.
Before we move on, since we're over the two hours,
I'm just going to go ahead and.
What does that mean?
Oh, he wasn't here.
We have to vote to extend.
Yes.
Do I say something?
I say I have to.
Well, somebody make because I wasn't here just before you do.
It's after two hours or is it after 930?
Okay, that's different.
Oh, and then we have to stop.
Well, that's why I'm asking because planning and design.
It's a time and the time is 930 and then at 930 you request for 30 minute increments.
That's why I'm asking.
Why are we different?
Okay, planning and.
You know, planning and design has a 930 stop.
Oh, they have it there.
I can only hear I can hear both ears, but just one person explain.
I don't know.
The light of 12, right?
They're word.
Thank you.
Thank you because.
Thank you for the explanation that that answers it.
It was in making sense.
Now.
Back to you, chair.
And I move that we continue.
This is for additional.
She's going to do it.
Are we per hour or per 30 minutes?
We're yeah.
I'll second or no, what am I?
I think you said it.
The motion that we extend our hearing time tonight has the two hour limit.
I second.
Yes.
Yes.
And tablion.
Yes.
Fisher.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
O'Brien.
Yes.
Moving on to item number 12.
Housing and dangerous cost recovery.
Uncontested.
All right.
Move.
Oh, they were true.
I'm sorry.
Item 11 withdrew.
Allowing lines shall be read so we heard as blanket items.
City staff recommends that the board adopt a decision confirming the total charge noted by each agenda line for the ends.
The expenses incurred by the city and the enforcement of the provisions of the housing code and or dangerous building code.
With respect to the property known by the physical address or parcel number APN as noted with an agenda line for item number 12.
Lines 1 through 22 lines 24 through 71 and lines 73 through 149.
The move.
I'll second.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Boyd.
Hi.
Yes.
All right.
We will move on to board comments ideas or questions.
Yes.
Go ahead.
27 of them.
We may have to extend by two hours.
That's why I asked.
No seriousness.
Can we.
Well, I can't wait.
I'm requesting.
Can the charges be itemized in the paperwork that goes out to those to the property owners.
And so when it comes back to us, we also have those charges itemized versus a bucket.
75 dollars for great construction had the breakdown of what that 705 dollar entails.
Don't send an invoice so the contractor sends us the invoice we agree to pay it.
And revenue just sends out the their invoice with just the items.
If the at any time of the property owner requests an itemized breakdown from us, they can request that on their case.
Also, we could look at if we wanted to present it in the hearings, but it's not going to get automatically sent to property owner.
Well, I know I'd be asking you for it.
Now to that point, is it written somewhere in the notification to the property owner that a itemized list is available?
It just says that the cost of payment removal, including all reasonable administrative and engineering costs incurred by the city's a real deal with any action taken.
Assessed or leaned against the property, which we've declared as immediately.
So there's no notification that they can request the itemize.
No, they can request, of course, they can request. I mean, if they ask us, we will give it to them.
Some people do ask for a break.
They're being charged for.
Same when they get the notice nor they want to know what the clean fee is.
What does that include? What is the title fee?
We provide that to them as a breakdown.
If they do when they do a demand, they get they'll get a breakdown.
Well, they're just getting the invoice.
Because on the summary of payment as we're getting this, there's no requirement in the code for us to give notice.
We've declared it a dangerous building.
There's no requirement in the code for a notice.
There's no requirement for us to allow anybody to re-enter that property.
It's just the opposite. In fact, it tells us we must immediately take action.
Well, okay, with that last tidbit, then that would explain why there's nothing in writing that you can request for the itemize.
If you ask, you ask. But if some of the folks, the pellets that were here this evening, had no clue on how to follow this.
So that's why I was asking for those who don't know having that in print would help.
And that may alleviate some of the cases that come before us.
Just a FYI. But thank you.
Any other board comments, ideas or questions?
Oftentimes, as we saw tonight, the appellant does not appeal the underlying notice and order yet they are appealing the fees.
And the fees are based upon the notice and order. So they give us the information about the situation related to the notice and order.
And our duty is to really address the fees as we brought it around back to on this last case.
But I think we often question the process anyway. And I guess I'm just, is that inappropriate? Is that appropriate? Is that okay if we do that?
If we question the process of the underlying notice and order, I'm just curious what you think about that.
I'll try and do a better job because I think I've done it in the past where I forget the difference between.
I know the difference, but I forget that we're hearing the difference between a notice and order and a cost.
If I were to thought about that and thank you for pointing that out on the last one, I forgot.
And that's why I'm hoping it was okay that I was like, no, no, that's where you're going to the case, not the fees.
So I'll try and stay on track more with that in the future when it comes to the costs recovery instead.
Especially with the new time rule, I think it would be, yeah, to move along it is helpful to remind opponents of that.
Okay. Anybody have any concerns with me stopping him when he was talking about? Okay.
No, and actually part of what I was about to say just got addressed.
I was going to say we could just cut to the chase on all of these.
We're here for the fee and what has transpired is read by the city.
So everybody heard it and we can go just to the dollar amounts.
And then to what has been stated if somebody wanted to go into why, why, why.
That's where chair would stop them and like, I promise I'll try and remember that for the September hearing.
No, it's a process. I mean, you know, it's like, hey, you know, but then we all realize go wait a minute, only here for the fee.
Yeah, that's thank you.
My question actually was in the opposite and that if we did question the notice and order process, is that okay?
Because I think in some cases, like, you know, I asked, where did the notice and order get sent to and when was it received and who received it?
Because if they say I didn't get the notice and order, if they didn't get the notice and order, then they didn't have the opportunity to appeal the notice and order.
So I do, that's kind of why I was asking, is it okay to ask those questions because I think they're valid in certain circumstances.
So yeah, I wasn't really pushing.
Yeah, I was making sure it's okay to do what we do.
Sometimes I feel like the get off right and the fact that the attorney specifically said, I haven't even reviewed the case.
Like, I mean, it irritated me that I was like, then you're just shooting the breeze here to try and get this.
So that pissed me off a little bit on off the record, sorry, and the runs were all the way.
I was sorry.
Just be aware of the question becomes on a notice and order that we're not here to hear the appeal on, we're only here on the cost.
And then if the questions ask for us, was that notice and order delivered where we may most likely won't have that information because we weren't prepared.
I'm not going to prepare the entire history of the case.
I'd be the fifth time we've been here for a few.
And just in my thoughts, you know, we were listening to their.
But on the other hand, we didn't have the police officers testimony either.
And if they had appealed at the notice and order stage, perhaps we would have heard that testimony.
You know what I mean? So that's kind of why we were out of order.
But ultimately we would have said the gentleman admitted to sleeping in the building that's not intended for occupancy and sleeping purposes.
The officer doesn't know what is illegal occupancy.
He sees something wrong. He calls the dangerous building inspector out.
Verify as it being an immediate hazard dangerous building.
And we have to declare it that police officer can declare it.
Oh, true.
They could offer an observation.
Not normally.
Absolutely understand.
But that's kind of where my mind was going with all of that.
And we only have to prove that there were violations to make the notice and order.
It's pretty hard to invalidate the notice and order.
There it served.
A lot of the discussion.
All right. Any other board comments?
All right. We don't have any public comments. I'm assuming I don't see anybody.
All right. We are adjourned.
