you
you
you
Board consists of five members who are not employees of the city
The board is an impartial decision maker.
The board is appointed by the mayor with the approval of the City Council.
Your board members are myself, Mr. and Havelian as the chair, Mr. Fisher as the vice chair,
Mr. Boyd who will join us probably in about 20 to 30 minutes.
Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Amod, additionally we have lay buildings, the secretary of the board,
Peter Lemos, Code and Housing Enforcement Chief, Bo Cazley, Principal Building Inspector,
Render Car, Council to the board.
Secretary, please call roll.
Havelian.
Here.
Here.
Boyd.
Amod.
Here.
O'Brien.
Here.
All right, at this time, I will ask that everybody stand for the land acknowledgement and the Pledge of Allegiance.
We'll start with the land acknowledgement.
Please rise for the opening acknowledgments in honor of Sacramento's indigenous people and tribal lands.
To the original people of this land, the Nisanon people, the southern Meydu, Valley of the Plains, Mewok, Patwyn, Winton's people, and the people of the Wilton Rancheria.
Sacramento's only federally recognized tribe.
May we acknowledge and honor the native people who came before us and still walk beside us today on these ancestral lands by choosing to gather today.
In the active practice of acknowledgement and appreciation of Sacramento's indigenous people's history, contributions and lives.
In addition, we will do the Pledge of Allegiance.
All right, you may be seated.
All right.
For items two through six today on the agenda, we're here to consider the expenses incurred by the city in the notice and order and the repaired demolition or securing of any building or structured done in the housing and dangerous buildings case before us together with any protestor objections.
The question here is are the fees, costs or other amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified.
The board may revise, correct or modify the proposed charges as we deem just.
Once this board is satisfied with the correctness of the charges, we shall then make a decision confirming or rejecting the charges.
Any written protests and related information received have been forwarded to us for consideration in our decision.
You will hear our decision today and receive formal notification of our decision in the mail.
Our decision will be forwarded to the city council for a determination whether this hearing was conducted in accordance with the city code.
All right, so each item will be called in order of those requesting to speak unless staff or board members request otherwise.
The owner representative should state their name and address and explain the nature of their appeal. Please be concise.
The staff will identify themselves and provide a summary of the case, including the recommendation and then the owner can respond.
The secretary will swear swear in the appellants and city staff prior to each case.
All right.
Let's go ahead and get started item one approval of the minutes of the November 13th, 2024 meeting.
Move.
I'll second.
And tablion.
Yes, sure.
I'm odd.
Yes, Brian.
Yes.
All right, moving on items number two and three will be heard consecutively or concurrently, sorry concurrently, I caught it.
So it'll be supervising building inspector Doug Pearson for Jason Martin, and then we have the Jake tie and is it Lin Hong?
All right.
Raise your right hand and answer the following question.
You solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give it this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
All right, supervising building inspector, go ahead.
4-02899 LC, address 59118-0121-030-008 is December 11th.
Guys, I'm building inspector Doug Pearson present.
Case was open on 7 July 20th, 2020.
Davis is the case closed.
The summary abatements were July 29th, 2024.
I 26, 2024 building inspector case manager.
.
I located the main hall where the electric meter had been
had been halted for access.
Active SMUD, they informed in the electrical services were terminated June 13th, 2023.
August 9th, 2020.
Our staffed SMUD.
Lock it again due to power theft.
20th, 2024.
Fire because of recon.
Building inspector Martin Oeney went to the front door and knocked.
No one answered.
He posted the front door with a dangerous building in the back yard.
Went down to the detached garage and there was a lady sleeping in the car parked in the driveway.
Roll up garage door was partially open and it appears someone was living in the garage.
He announced.
They all came out a plane that due to the recurring car.
Active electrical service.
For a year he was posting the structure as a dangerous building and there were no longer able to stay at that location.
When the vehicle allowed for them to vacate and secure the structure.
He suggested.
By 29th, 2024.
Building inspector case manager Jason.
I've got the condo with the Sacramento Police Department.
Pop team and building inspector Dan.
Pop team contacted the occupants and informed them that this was considered.
House.
There was a running generator in the garage in a car, howling the structure.
Commental at cable with a hardwired plug on the end.
They were using a word that they had plugged into the generator and then into.
Table that was hardwired into the garage lighting circuit to back feed the electrical service.
Pop team cleared the building.
The next area of the condo.
Words being used in lieu of firing that were being powered by the generator.
There were conductors being used that.
Plug energized by the generator.
Main service panels.
Their socket had been damaged due to power theft and there was a broken hub on the underground.
On to secure the structure.
He posted.
Building.
Great construction.
Box sets.
Called a two by four above the garage.
Roll up door to secure it.
Invoys.
CDV.
10122.
July 31st, 2024 for 645.
The notice in order was issued.
Cloud and tidal were requested due to the ongoing power theft, which was invoice.
CDV.
HC.
205.
Data 730.
24.
Or $57.
$57.
I.
31st, 2024.
Building inspector Dan Lothar arrived on the site.
We're on site with building inspector will.
Well, I'm secured, but the garage main door had been breached and the job was removed.
The property with the notice in order.
He called.
Great.
Or.
Has.
Today's CDV.
C.H.B.
10122.
Secure.
I.
Called.
Back.
And said that the he was still the owner and was coming over.
I've served the notice in order to talk to him through the property.
I've been on site for final inspections on permit.
Number 0193 and call finals in the case.
The property owner was not contacted, prior to issuing the notice.
The letter was not sent due to immediate evidence.
Five, twenty-twenty-four.
Five, twenty-twenty-four.
Half recommends that the board adopt the decision for item number two, confirming the toll.
One, eight, four, one, two, one.
Two, zero, zero, zero.
Item number three, confirming the toll.
Of fourteen hundred eighteen dollars and nine nine cents for the work.
Thank you.
All right.
Mr. Ty or Miss Hong?
The very first time I've been here is a lot.
Let hope that I do this correctly.
So I rent this property to...
Fine bang, which is the bread.
Single dad, three kids, three colleagues from prison.
What order was, you need to get a house in order for...
It's not that great.
You need to support him, even if you can't pay on time.
And that is how we stay there.
At the time, I didn't know about the situation.
I didn't know about the situation.
I didn't know about the situation with the electric city.
Okay.
I didn't know about the problem he has with the electrical electricity shut off or anything like that.
I have no complaint from the neighbor or the HOA.
None so whatever.
At the time that Dan called me on July 31st morning that it's the very first time I know about this.
Dan called me while I was in a meeting at work.
So I couldn't answer the phone.
Good thing that Dan left a message and then after the meeting I called back.
And he told me about the situation.
And I said, okay, I still have another meeting.
Can I come by like an hour later on or two?
He said, no, no, we will be gone by then.
So I told my boss that I got something to take care of.
And I rushed it over right away.
And when I got there Dan is waiting for contract to come over to board the house again.
And I said, I can do it.
But he said, no, it's too late.
He already called someone coming over.
So, okay, so I said, nothing can do about it.
So Dan showed me the paper and told me what happened and walked me through the house.
This is the very first time I know the problem.
Because the tenant still paying me monthly a partial payment.
At the time, he still, as of right now, he still owe me like about $4,300.
And so as soon as Dan called me, I rushed it over and Dan walked me through and told me the situation.
Hand me the paperwork and basically locked me out.
I said, okay, these are the problems, these are the issues that I need to work to resolving it before the city allow me to come back in, take the position of the house and fix everything.
So I did everything the city asked me to do.
So there a problem with the plumbing, electrical, the generator, whatever, all of that violation.
I worked through everything to resolve it and by October, something I'm done.
So there, even there's a part that the electrical panel, electrical go up to the panel.
Over time, the house is over 30 years.
It got shifted and the conduit disconnected.
There's a gap, but the city didn't like that.
I said, okay, I need to fix that.
I tried looking for part and I couldn't find the part.
I tried to call the electric company, they couldn't find the part either.
So it took like about a month later on to able to find a part and adapt it and to fix it.
So the city come out, inspect it and pass it.
And then I thought that was done and then I start to work in the house clean up and then Dan's happened that there's some issue with the home.
It's a way enough on the door.
I said, are you ready for the final inspection?
I said, what do you buy final inspection?
I already finished everything.
You gave me the key to go into the house.
I said, no, no, no, no.
You need to fix everything to make sure that we come by here to do a final check, which means it's required to have heaters on.
Hot water is on.
The stove is working.
So I was surprised.
I said, okay, I was running around, rushing around, trying to fix all of that.
And the also alarm thing, smoke alarm.
So I tried to do all of that and find had a final walk through on October 24th according to this that it's the case closed.
And I believe it was another one.
Dan wasn't there or Jason wasn't there.
Walk through and pass it.
So then I start to.
We have to call county four time to dump out all of the junk.
We can't even walk into the house.
The house, all of the door punch hole.
There are like every room have hole in the wall.
They are like 100 of nil in a wall because they're running.
Camera and all of that.
There are a thousand of cockroaches running around.
There are piece of box, food, dried and chicken bone, water, all over places.
I mean, I have to have the county come over pick four time, pick up the junk.
I mean, literally each pile is like a size of a van.
The maximum that they see that allows to clean all of that up.
So that is first thing.
And now I have to hire people to spend money to fix, take out the carpet, replace all of the door, replace the wall, paint the house.
Now even the tub, I found out that.
Somehow they drill a hole in the tub and the wall to come from the first floor, second floor coming down, damaged the wall.
And now I'm in the process of hiring people to remove the tub and remodel the bath.
The shower and even they take knife and carve into the sink.
Basically I have to redo the whole thing in the house.
As of right now, it's already cost me $15,000.
And the tub and the shower is going to be cost me another $7,000.
I can't afford, and none of this is my fault.
I tried to help a family, a single dad with three kids.
Unfortunately, COVID came and economy down and he lost his job because his company cutting men power and all of that.
He tried to pay me.
I didn't know anything about the generator or because he made partial monthly payment.
There's no reason for me to go into the house to inspect.
I take my tenant private seat.
There's no reason for me to go into the house to see what is the condition of the house problem.
So no one called me anything.
The very first time is from Dan called me and I rush it over right away.
And I do everything I can to fixing it.
And as of right now, I'm still not done.
I already spent like $15,000 and still the boy let me to be replay.
Sink need to replace and the shower and tub.
I cannot afford to pay this.
And it's none of this is my fault.
No, completely understand.
So I will just say we hear a lot of cases specifically about landlord tenant issues.
And with the city of Sacramento, they have no mechanism to bill or go after the tenant.
All of the issues with the house stay with the owner of the house.
So anything that your tenant does your responsible for for that house.
The way the city is set up because they don't have a way to go after the landlord or the tenant.
They only have a way to go after your personal property because they can put a lien on the property.
So that's why and one of the questions I was going to ask is are you registered with the housing the rental housing inspection program.
No, so that's one of the requirements that you would also have to be registered with to rent out your property.
So unfortunately, I mean, I will open up the board here, but I'm just, I'm letting you know that we hear these all the time.
And I myself am a landlord and I've been hit by the city.
We don't work for the city, but I've been hit myself from bills from the city from things that my tenants have done.
And I've learned the hard way that you have to be very careful on who you select sometimes as a, as a renter.
I will open it up though to the board any comments or questions for the appellant.
Anything else and let me be very clear, I completely understand the situation.
But at the same time, the city had to come out and expend the costs and send their staff out to review the house.
They have to send the company out because by law, they're required to board up the house if it's considered dangerous.
So that's why great construction, I believe you're being charged the amount of 13, 18, 99 for the secure costs of the property of the total amount.
That's just the secure.
13, 18, 99.
And then the others are the cost of the city to go out there and to enforce when somebody calls in and says that somebody is living in a dangerous housing.
So again, just as a reminder, what we're here to hear is are the expenses incurred by the city for the dangerous and housing case before us.
Or the fees cost or amounts claimed by the city reasonable and justified.
So I completely agree that the landlord or the tenant is the one that caused all the issues.
But the way the city is set up, those costs go on to you and then you are responsible to go after the tenants since that's the person that you selected to be in that house, since it is ultimately your property.
And you can, you can go after that person because you said they owe you 4,300.
So you should be able to try and any cost that they incurred, you should be able to try and attempt to collect if they cause those damages.
So, so as you may know that the reason here into this problem because he couldn't pay, he first of all, he couldn't pay me and couldn't pay utility, right?
So that's why I got shut off so I doubt I can go after him.
The second is, okay, so I understand the city paid this, but isn't that the city already have a budget regardless of that come out to my house or not?
The city have a budget to pay for all of the staff regardless, it's already there, right?
That's not the way this works, they work on the reimbursement for anything that they get called out, they have it allotment.
But I'll let Mr. Cosley or Mr. Lemos describe how that works, they'll know more than I would.
They are a budget annually to cover our cost of our contractors, but the property owners are responsible to basically reimburse the taxpayers for that budget comes from.
So the taxpayers' dollars aren't paying for other people's property, it's the property owners themselves that are responsible for making money.
Thank you, and these are all for my understanding city codes that we don't, we don't, we are just here to enforce the codes, we actually are not part of the city, so we didn't create these codes or make these rules.
I know it's frustrating.
It's there's some sort of consideration to cut this cost down because I can't really, I'm trying to do my best here.
It's already cost me so much money and I still have some more to fix, to have this thing up for me to rent it out again.
I can't afford to pay for this.
So Mr. Pearson, the last line says that the building right now in the final inspection was approved and the case is closed.
It was approved for bringing the house up to a habitability standard, although the owner just testified he's now doing work without a permit, so he needs to get a permit for us to come do another inspection.
It's the painting.
No, you just testified your remodel in the kitchen and replace after up in the shower.
No, no, okay, you can go out and look at the counter.
There are no replacement encounters, I replace the paint, fix the paint and replace the door.
It's it, I said I will have people to fix the stuff and stuff, that is already have a contract with people.
I will just say we can come out and inspect see that if I do anything.
Let me just let me just state that if you replace the tub in the shower, any plumbing fixtures, any electrical fixtures or remodel kitchens or bathrooms, you must have a permit.
So you you can paint without a permit, you can replace the carpet or in flooring without a permit, anything else.
You also mentioned a toilet in there.
So removing any of that stuff and replacing it, you need to permit for.
Right, I understand that.
Okay, so make sure everything is going to permit for that.
So luckily we're only here to hear this case.
So if anything that you have outside of this, we won't we can't hear if there's still an outstanding issue.
Right, no, I just believe me, I talk with a contract, I talk with Home Depot and Loals, okay.
So that why the the tub and the shower, I have Home Depot to take care of that.
Okay, the kitchen.
Yeah, I remodel like five years ago.
It's there that I have not remodel any except paint, replace window, no, no windows to be with Loals.
So you can go out and inspect.
Only thing I did is paint, change door and floor.
So don't rely on Home Depot to get the permits for you.
They're your response.
Like this is a homeowner's responsibility, okay.
So I'll open it.
Oh, sorry.
That's okay.
Were you?
And you also need to be registered with our rental housing inspection program.
I will do that.
Because that can land you back here if you're not registered.
And I will do that with the same people.
Yeah, it's our department that does it.
Okay, sorry.
That's okay, I'm going to open it back up to the board.
Do we have any comments, questions?
Well, I think the property owner was asking if there was any relief available.
And yes, this board does have the ability to perhaps reduce fees if there is some justification.
In this case, these fees that have been charged are specific to actual cost.
You know, that the city has incurred for your case.
And I mean, just in our experience, this is actually very minimal in to the degree of the damage
that was, you know, made to your unit.
So I.
Do we have a.
Do we have a recommendation or do we have a.
Motion motion.
Sorry, thank you.
So in that case, I will I'm ready to make a motion if there's no other question.
Go ahead.
So I will make a motion on item number two to uphold staff recommendation that.
This board confirmed the total charge of $1,597.50 for the notice and order.
For the property known as 5901 Mac road Sacramento, California 95823.
Partial number 118-0121-030-000.
Second.
Tablin.
Yes.
Yes.
Mod.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
Do I have a motion for item three?
I make a motion to uphold staff recommendation to confirm the total charge of $1,318.99.
For the securement work performed by the city on the property known as 5901 Mac road Sacramento, California 95823.
Partial number 118-0121-030-000.
Second.
Tablin.
Yes.
Fisher.
Yes.
Mod.
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right.
So the board has found in favor of the city that the city was justified in the costs because the costs were incurred by the city themselves.
However, I definitely encourage you to make sure that your rental property, since especially they now know that the property is not registered with rental housing and that you are still doing work.
So I would ensure if you could to try and get registered and any other permits necessary for the property.
The final will be in the mail.
Thank you.
So if it's not in front of us, you'll have to talk to either supervising building inspector or.
Who's somebody can usually work with him.
If it's not in front of us, we don't get to I don't I can't see it here.
Yeah, the problem is I can't see anything here because we can't we can only see what's the cases in front of us.
We don't have access to the city document.
I think that.
Just of waiting through.
3D.
Are the fines done.
So I can't ignore.
Right here, it's like come up to like 4,000.
Thank you.
All right, item number 4.
Building inspector William Eli.
Okay.
And for the record, the appellant did not show.
So we're going to have you read into the record.
Raise your right hand and answer the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you give at this hearing.
Shall we the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.
You
are
32
You
You
You
You
You
You
You
to issuing a notice in order to send on February 15th, 2020 notice in order was sent to the
property owner listed in the current title report.
It has been on March 26th, 2020, signed the green card to certify the mail.
So it has received the information being presented this evening, and I have recommends that
the Board adopts a decision confirming the charge of $380.007097082.00.
All right, thank you.
And in addition, we have the appeal records, but there's nobody here, so no other questions.
Do we have a?
So the appeal, it appeared that they were asking questions, and they were referencing administrative
penalties that aren't before us.
Remind me, Mr. Lamos or Mr. Cosley, administrative penalties, it appears in the record that they
inspector did issue administrative penalties.
Those go through a different route, correct?
If somebody wanted to appeal those administrative penalties, do they come to this board, or do
they go through a different appeal process?
That's why they're not listed here, whatever.
Move that the Board adopts the decision, confirming the total charge of $380 for the work performed
by the city on the property known as 370922 Avenue, APN number 0202, 7302, 0000, 0.00.
I can.
Fabian?
Yes.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
Amad?
Yes.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right, thank you.
Now we will call item number five, inspector Lothar.
And Mr. Yang, Mrs. Yang, or whoever would like to, we have a couple of seats up there.
Paul, Melody, Janelle, and Destiny.
Who do we have?
I'm assuming Paul and-
Oh, Joseph?
All Joseph and Melody?
Yes.
Okay.
All right.
Item five and six, yes.
All right, you sworn in here momentarily.
I have all parties for items number five and six, please raise your right hand and answer
the following question.
Do you solemnly swear under penalty of perjury that the testimony and evidence that you
give it this hearing shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth?
Yes.
All right.
Go ahead.
Items number five and six, case number two, three, all Joseph and Melody, yes, is eight,
one, one, foreign, road, Sacramento, California, nine, parcel number zero, four, one, zero,
two, zero, zero, nine, zero, zero, one, two, case was opened up on December 8th, 2024,
and is currently closed.
On 12, eight, 23, I received a call at 0530AM from a senior fire prevention officer McDowell
informing me of a tool on fire and requested my assistance on site due to the damage
that has been done.
I arrived at 0550AM, met up with SPO officer McDowell, and we spoke to the onsite chief and
then walked to the site to see if demo was going to be needed.
I could see walls and portions of the roof had already collapsed, fire fighters were directed
to attack the fire from a defensive mode.
At 0702AM, I spoke to supervising building inspector Pearson and asked him for some assistance
tracking an owner down due to multiple owners and because the building is broken into approximately
35 condominiums.
The owner of the majority, Mazar, he has the units 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 14, 16, 17, 18, 19,
20, 21, 8, 21, B, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, and 30.
The cosmetology units are 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, and 11 owned by Tran Nugin, Tran Nugin Vogue.
The unit 12 is owned by Paul Joseph Melody Yang, and unit 15 is owned by Che Tram, based
on my assessment, based on my assessment principal, building inspector Cosley declared
the structure immediately dangerous at 840AM, I called PNP demolition, there was no answer,
I left the voicemail asking them to return my call at 850AM, I called GW demolition,
they were put on standby to respond to the location, once the structure was released
by a Sacramento Fire Department to demo the remaining structure.
At 9AM, Sacramento utilities arrived on scene to unclog drains on floor and road due
to the flooding of the westbound lanes of floor and road.
At 10AM, PBI Cosley arrived on scene, I walked him around the property at 10, 20AM,
Sacramento Fire Battalion Chief informed us that they would be releasing the structure
as soon as the arson investigators were done with their photos and documentation of the
site.
I contacted GW demolition, gave the green light to respond to the location at 11, to
the location.
At 11, 15AM, GW demolition arrived on scene to demo 75% of the structure due to the
front sections were built out of CMU block and the fire was contained in that area.
On December 10, 2023, at 0545 hours, on call building inspector Proc received a call
from city 311 operator requesting to contact the on duty, Sacramento Fire Department Battalion
Chief who is on site of a massive fire at 3811 floor and road.
I spoke, he spoke to a Sacramento Fire Department Battalion Chief, number 2, need a
care, who informed him that this was a second large fire in the last three days at this
strip mall located at 3811 floor and road when the original fire occurred the past Friday
on 12.8, the city had collapsed about 75% of the fire damaged, of the fire damaged
structure due to immediately dangerous conditions and now the remaining portions of the structure
are heavily damaged and need further structural assessment.
PBI causally responded to the site as well and due to the fire events occurring this
past Friday on 12.8 this morning, 12.10 the structure integrity of the remaining portions
of the strip mall were found to be substantially compromised.
The current site conditions were determined to be immediately dangerous by definition
and existed to such an extent that if remained unabated would substantially endanger the
health and safety of the general welfare of the public at 0712 hours, GW demolition
was contacted and services requested to collapse the remainder of the fire damaged strip mall
which for the most part was already reduced to nothing due to two separate fire incidences
at 0825 hours, Gary with GW arrived and it was further discovered that there was additional
gas meters above the roof line on the hair and nail salon above the vacant unit at the
front portion of the building and not known whether the gas lines were energized or not at
040 hours, GW demolition had completed the collapsing the remaining portions of the strip mall.
January 4th, 2024, I requested the notice and order letter be sent out due to all the owners
and placed a cloud on the property. On February 14th of 24, I was on site due to a complaint
of the fence being knocked down and it was time for the 30 day inspection. I found that 70
linear feet were knocked down. Three holes cut through the fence, I called Ellen on Fencing to
make repairs. I also called the code officer to see when the two cars were going to be towed off.
I received a call from a Yana Benjamin who was the owner's abatement,
majority owners, abatement contractor letting me know he was out on site
collecting the samples he needed. I have not heard from the owners from the owner or his
rep. No permits have been pulled or requested. Since Yana had
informed me of progress, I will withhold the first administrative penalty, but I will be
issuing the first monthly monitoring fee of $380. March 19th of 2024, I arrived at the property
at 11.35 a.m. I found that 60 linear feet of the fence was laying on the ground.
And three sections had been taken apart. One section cut before I had one section cut
before I arrived, BIELE arrived and chased off a squatter, living in the SUV in the back. I
called Ellen on Fence to make the repairs. I spoke to the code officer Vang about the two cars
on the property. He said that they were, they are scheduled to be removed on Monday, the 20th,
2024. I have not heard from the owner, Maws or the owner or the other owners on any progress on
pulling a permit. I will be requesting an administrative penalty of $1,000 and a 305
monitoring fee. On April 24th, 2024, I had arrived at the property at 12.47 p.m. found that the
property is secured. I have not heard from the owner, Maws or the other owners on any progress
on pulling a permit. The last time I had spoke to Chris the rep for Maws, I told him to have PNP
revised their bid and not to remove any of the asphalt. I have not heard back. I will be requesting
an administrative penalty of $2,000 and a monitoring fee of $305. I arrived on site with BIELE
Mortononi. Oh, excuse me, June 3rd, 2024. I had arrived on site with BIELE Mortononi for a 30-day
inspection. We found multiple panels cut. Two people on site, one male, one female. We instructed
them to leave the leave and not return. I called Ellen and I'm fencing to ask them to replace
the damaged panels. They were unable to get there until the next day. They said they would call
when they were in route. I also called the code office surveying to inquire about the four-foot tall
brown grass junk in a tree. He said they are not going for another warrant to abate the property.
I am requesting a $3,000 administrative penalty, which is not being appealed here today,
and a $305 monitoring fee should be issued, which is being appealed here today.
June 7th, 2024. I sent an email to Maws and his rep Chris. Good morning. You asked me to have
the city start the demo removal due to not being able to get all owners to come together.
I am informing you the process has begun. The city's contractor is pulling the permit,
and I will let you know when the work is set to begin.
June 8th, 2024. Permits were issued. September 10th, 2024. GW called for their final inspection,
approved. All work is now complete, and we'll be closing all housing cases as well. On September
18th, 2024, I approve K-2s for the completion of the emergency demo on 9-4-24 for GW invoice,
11890, and attached it to the case. The invoices of this property were split into four invoices,
per parcels and percentages, which is being appealed here today.
Build owner percentages, Paul Joseph and Melody Yang were, or are the owners of Unit 12,
was billed for a total of 2.72% of the total cost of the demolition.
A train is the owner of Unit 15, was billed a total of 1.22 of the total of the cost of the
demolition. Moz, the majority holder, was billed 80.9% of the total cost of the demolition.
Trang Nugin is the owner of Unit 1379 and 11, was billed for his total cost of 15.2% of the
total cost of the demolition. After recommends that the board adopts a decision confirming
the total charges of $305 for the work performed by the city on the property known as 38-11
floor and road. Sacramento, California, APN number 0-4-1012-009-0012. Staff Alco also recommends
the board adopt confirming the total charges of $4,894 for the completion of the demolition work
performed by the city on the property known as 38-11 floor and road. Sacramento, California
0-4-1012-009-0012. I've also included the violation list and case photos. Thank you.
Thank you. All right, Mr. and Mrs. Yang.
I don't know what you're saying in terms of this situation.
I think at the very beginning we had, you know, just looking through all of these pictures,
you know, with the fires, brought back a lot of memories and tears to my eyes.
I think they'll hope there is an owner of Unit 12 was to give back to the community.
Say, Ministry. And so that's why we acquired that property in order to give back.
And we're up in a lot of work to the facility and the pangs in fixing it up. We haven't done
counselling, done ministry to the Hmong community. But they don't have churches to go to or
churches to refuse to do the funerals. We have done that. I have helped young people that they
want to commit suicide and they will walk with the family and will help them. And at the end,
the fire was not caused by us. And they will have good intention to do. And now we're being
being built with all of these expenses. How am I going to be able to pay for that?
We have lost that ministry office. And sadly, we're hoping that we will be able to acquire
insurance in 2025 as we began the new year. But we don't have anything. We lost everything.
And everything that I work for, you know, with as a self-employee, and I give back to the community.
There's no way that my family and we fought for our survival. Currently, we receive the
EBT full stamps. I can't sound awake. How are we able to pay this back? It was not all doing.
And just looking at this picture brought tears to my eyes. Like the day that we were there.
The day that we were there at the fire. The image that flushed through my mind.
Was the war in Laos. And we escaped Laos to come to America to have freedom of religion.
And we hope and pray as a clergy person, as a pastor, that we will be able to get back to the
community. But things don't work out the way that we have planned. But that has not stopped us from
doing the work of God. And so I come here today, yes, that there are fees and there are penalties.
But there's no way that me, my wife, were able to pay for this. I went through surgery with,
you know, four young children at home, just not able to work. And I do what I can with my financial
ministry to get back to the community. So I plead with you that we need your help. There has been no
help from anybody, from the city or anybody. There has not been any communication. Yes, there are
people that they have a lot of shares, a lot of units in there. They have money and they have
power. And as a clergy person, I don't. And the only thing that I have is God and God go before me.
So I come here to plead for your help in this situation because we have not received any help
from anybody. We have done go farming. There has been zero contribution to help us with our
ministry. But that doesn't stop us from giving. And we continue to give as much as we can.
Now with the financial thing, I give my time helping people.
So I plead for your help that what can we do? And there are two movies on this. You know,
we call us of the pain. Just look at this image here. I think tears to my eyes. They will
work so hard. And I see my little girl fade. They will be able to go back in.
And it was three years ago. She came by. And she put her hand together at the site.
And she prays to daddy. There's no more church. Yeah, there's no more church.
And that's a reality to my family going through. And so what you see here today is my family
will come to plead for your help that we can't do with this. My last paycheck with this
month was like over $150 from my financial ministry. And how can we pay for $5,000? There's
additional fees that will be coming. If I can do volunteer work, I will continue to do volunteer
work. But I don't have the financial means to pay this. I don't know what you say, but that's
that's what we had. Thank you. I will ask a question. I'm not sure if this is going to be for
supervising building inspector or building inspector or or Peter. But since this was technically
classified as a either apartment or a condo, he doesn't own the property itself, right? He doesn't
own the parcel. Is that correct? So what is this attached to?
It was very ironic that the parking lot and such that was all part of this use of this property
was actually didn't have an ownership. It was a large structure with several units. So he
owned basically like his condo. And that's why the total demolition cost of the total demolition.
But I mean, so right now he has, I get the building is gone, but he has no actual ownership,
right? Of anything? He still owns the parcel. He still owns 2% of the parcel?
Well, you know, it's its own parcel. It's 2% of the structure.
So it owns that part of that parcel. So he's still a third owner with two.
So it's the owner of the unit number 12. What it is maybe just that I don't maybe
have to empty a lot of whatever. So there's nothing you can do with that. Yeah.
There is actually a property line. So he owns that physical property on within that part. There's
outside parcel. And then there's interior parcels. There's a physical property line. He owns.
So I guess my question that I'm asking is I'm not sure. Do you plan on doing anything with that?
Or I mean, if the city is enforcing, like, are you giving it up to the city? Or are you playing
on rebuilding and using that? You don't have any financial means to rebuild. I mean, take like
mouse. I mean, I'm not remat. There's no, all the person I've been talking to is Chris.
I'm not remat with a mouse. I don't even know what he looks like. And so there's no, I mean,
for us as a family. That's why I'm asking to see if there's anything that the city can do instead.
Like, if they decide to give up ownership, is that an option if they don't want it?
So ultimately, if they don't pay the charges for the demolition fees and other fees,
they become assessments, which is part of what we do here is move them over to assessments.
They go into the tax of the property. Anybody who wants to do anything with that whole property
will need to acquire theirs and they will have to pay all of that at the tax as a tax part of
the tax lien. City doesn't take the property. The city doesn't or close on property like that.
It would go over to the ultimately, that's for anybody to develop this property and
all of that rest of that, they're going to need this parcel also.
I guess what I'm saying is if he decided not to pay, it's not going to go against his credit or
anything like that. It's going to go again. It will be against property against his credit,
probably already is, but it's going to be assessed onto the property tax.
There's a personal obligation part of it and there's also the actual just
feeder part that we would be reimbursed through the taxes for.
Do we have any questions from the board?
I just want to ask a question about the percent. So how was that applied? I see
unit 15 only had 1.22 percent. How did you guys came up with the percent?
The percentage was broken down for what was recorded for the square footage of their unit.
So unit 15 is smaller than unit 12 and then what they, the percentage of what they
owned per the common areas. The breezeway that went down the middle of the building appeared to
be one building, but if you look at it closer, it's four individual buildings with a breezeway
that over hung over the middle of the building itself and had across breezeway as well.
Each one of the owners owned a portion of that for their client to out of walk through it.
It's recorded on county parcel view for the percentages of who owns what.
So that's what we based it on.
The county parcel map actually did the math. You didn't do the math.
Correct.
Okay.
We all off by one. We might be, I may have stolen this one. Go ahead, I'm sure you can.
Sorry.
I thought that was weird.
We're, we're, I know I've been here in a while.
No problem. A couple of questions that, well, I'm glad that you stated that the county did
the math because my math, unless my math is off, we come at 100.0, excuse me, 100.04 percent,
4 percent above 100 percent. Somebody needs to knock off that two 10s, 200 percent in the math.
So they can be passed on. That might be $3, $4, who knows, but 100.04 percent, you can't get to that
number. It hasn't stopped it. Hello, I guess they don't want your me speak. It hasn't stopped
it 100. So just clarifying that to break down in the math, Doug, you got to look at me like, huh?
We, we rounded the numbers not because when we
rounded some of the numbers up. I guess you, but rounding up. So you still went above 100. So maybe
next time just round down, but it has more stated the county to the math than not the city then, right?
Yeah, the fees were actually, we used percentages of the fees and if they were above five, I rounded up.
I get you. Well, not belittling the point, but just that's why the numbers could be off by a percent or two.
Yeah, actually into that. Let's just say I just, that's just starting point. Does the one have to pay
above the 100 percent? I mean, by the rounding up instead, they'll save them one or two bucks, but hey,
we took the, we took the total amount of the demolition and the bills were divided up. So the total
amount of the demolition was divided up between all the bills. I'm with you. We'll see amount. So
the little percentages were there at. Okay, still didn't answer my question, but I'm with you.
Now, just just wanted to bring that out that it wasn't 100 at 100. We didn't make any money on the deal.
No, I hear you. Just wanted to clarify because I thought maybe my math was off.
I'm with you. I'm with you. I mean, just no problem. Minister Yang, I appreciate your thoughts and your
feelings on on this situation. And as you stated, if you had, we're at no faults
by your volition for causing the fire, which I didn't hear, I may have missed it.
What on one second? Has the fire been declared arson and or cause?
If you stated, I missed it. No, I can't. I don't have knowledge of that due to the investigation
from the area department. I don't know if it's ongoing still, but that's not our area. Just curious.
Okay. Thank you. I think with that, sir, what I don't understand is that the fire,
it did not stop from my unit. It's not from the other side of the building.
So the building is destroyed. So it's not from here. It's very odd in my unit. It's over here.
And so it's very suspicious. I keep asking, you know, people, you know, from answer.
Why would anybody set up a fire on December the 10th on the Friday? The job being finished
at the front of the building, there were still two units, still standing. Why would somebody come
back on Sunday, the 10th and finish their job? That's what I don't understand. Why would two
why would two fires, conservatively, within that weekend, to a place within that time frame?
And nobody has been able to give me the answer. What's worth of a cause on the fire? And I don't know.
I don't know. We're two separate fires. Right. I'm with you. Mr. Yang, I understand your thought on that.
And that's the question that you have to continue to go after, not go after, but speak with a
fire inspector to find out that answer. As some of us know, the multitudes of fires in strip
malls throughout South Sacramento, in particular, are, I can speak to this because I am
privy to that information, are well above the number of which would be stated as a norm.
Not stating that your ownership piece was a part of that total body of different
arson's that have happened specifically in South Sacramento of minority owned properties.
I'm gonna go to that line. I could go further, but I see by your head nod, you already
understanding what I'm stating to you. But let me, let me add something that may help you.
Again, I'm stating my opinion based on facts that are readily available to the public,
not subjective. So for clarity, my previous statement, something, the unfortunate side,
being that you are an owner in a, let's go with the puzzle. You are an owner, one of the pieces
of the puzzle. You need all of the pieces to make the entire property whole. Because it happened
to your piece with the rest of the puzzle, you're stuck with the bill. There's no way around that.
What may help, I believe the city of Sacramento does have, I know the state of California does have,
and I know the federal government does have, but also check with the county of Sacramento
victims assistance into which the number, mostly the number, the amount
on the federal side may be okay. So with that goal, when you have time, I won't give advice.
I'm just, I'll restate before I can't give legal advice. There is victims assistance
in the federal government, and I do believe the city of Sacramento has that as well. Again,
the county may, in the state, excuse me, the state in the federal, do you have, I believe the city
as well, the county may. So that may help you, that may help you. The wrapping this up, the unfortunate
side, you have to kind of thank the information. That I can't give you, because I can't offer,
and I can't give direction, I can just put forth information that is known to the general public.
So what can I find as in the general public?
I can not recommend it, but if I was to look, if I was to look for something, I would go online to
look for something. The concluding, it's an unfortunate circumstance, and it hasn't stopped,
and it's not just Al Sacramento, but if industry two, for those who aren't familiar district two,
is Dale Paso Heights. The number of fires out in strip malls by minority owners is happening,
has happened, and is happening out there as well. Again, I'm just offering information that
is publicly known and not making a subjective statement. To that, let me ask, I believe there's
no more questions, so I am going to my apologies, other board members want to speak before I'd
like to come back and make a motion. I just wanted to get clarity from you, Cian. Did you
mention that you're not able to get insurance for 2025, or you did not have insurance at the time
of the fire? I did not have insurance at the time. You did not have insurance? I did not.
Thank you. All's everything? Yes.
Miss O'Brien? So, I'm a little confused. I've heard that it was a residential property,
and I heard that it was a strip mall, so it sounds like it was a strip mall. It is a strip mall.
We were referring to them as condos? The only way we can describe them, they're a commercial condo,
because they're individual properties owned. Gotcha. There have been times where the city has
allowed them to be built and subdivided, but they actually get property lines like a condo mini
or townhouse. It was for similarity purposes. All in commercial condos, so people can visualize it.
I guess I just have one more question, maybe, for the city, just to help him out, and I want to
make sure that if he doesn't want to keep this property, does he have an option to go to the other
owners and offer to just put claim deed this property to them, and they would, for $5,199, take on
the rest of that. I mean, if that's something he's willing to do. That property under discretion,
the city wouldn't be in trouble. That'll his asset. Because it would transfer
whoever in the new owner is most likely, or would have to be taken care of through us.
The process of somebody buys a property that has code enforcement,
leans penalties, or assessments, as the purchaser would do a payoff demand,
like the title would have to be cleared in order for them to close.
Okay. Do we have a motion or another comment?
I'm sorry, I have a motion. Do you have a question?
Well, I just know. Go ahead.
I was going to go down that same road in regards to quick claim deed, but at the same time,
one of the other smaller minority owner would not. I wouldn't see purchase, but here's the downside.
The owner, Mr. Yang has even met the actual majority property owner of
by these numbers, 80% of the property is owned by the Moz, so forth, so forth.
Let me ask a question to the chair.
Can we put a pause on a determination for say one, oh, that next week, sorry.
I mean, we could put a pause, but here's the thing. If he doesn't want the property, and let's say
hypothetically, we uphold the $5,000 fee instead of him paying the $5,000 fee, and he truly doesn't
want it, he can go to the majority owner and say, I would be willing to sell you my share,
and just give it to him, possibly. So we can, because I had originally considered holding it,
having him go, but what's the point of holding it if he can, because he doesn't have to pay,
even if we uphold this, he can go after the fact. He doesn't have to wait for
so I thought of it both ways. I thought about pushing it off, but then I just didn't see,
even if we decide to uphold the fees, and he no longer wants the parcel, and I'm assuming there's
no loan on the part on yours. There's nothing we pay our taxes on time. George, let me
show this with you as the chair. At one point, when I talk to Chris, who's the representative of
Moss, and the other thing was, you know, out of everything else, and they only offer him,
let think, $6,000,000. That's it. They offer what? $6,000,000. For what? For my piece of,
that's $6,000,000 would be enough to cover the $5,199. That's even covered. There's other fees coming
up to you. I think there's another one, another hearing that I'm taking place. Are there additional
fees still being assessed to the property? Yes, I do believe there's a DLHO next week scheduled
for the administrative penalties. Okay. I mean, we can only hear what's in front of us today.
But go ahead. So, there were several owners, right? Several parcels. Monitoring fee is one of the
fees that is at issue today. Was that monitoring fee charged to each of the owners? Yes, ma'am.
What is it resulted in, let's say, eight different owners, eight different? No, it'd be four
different owners, four different administrative penalties, four different admin penalties,
and four different notice and orders that were issued.
Property. Okay. And can I maybe ask Mr. Cosley or Mr. Limos, the admin fee portion of the
demolition costs, I think it's $1,200. It's on here. Is that a percentage of the contractors cost?
Is that how those admin fees are established? Those admin fees are to help you recover your cost
of contracting. There's no admin fees on here. Not only demolition costs in a monitoring fee.
For today's hearing, there's only the demolition.
Demolition of $48.94 in monitoring fee of $305. And then next week you'll
be able to see the demolition costs.
Which won't be us. I'm looking at the invoice for the demolition.
They broke it out in this staff recommendation.
I see.
You're asking about the county or the city's administrative fees, right?
So it says the demolition costs are $4894.
Right. Okay. If you go to the invoice, which is item or page.
Is it the last page? Thank you. So if you go to page 20, the demolition cost is $3,624, not
$48, et cetera. It's $48 because of the admin fee of $1270.
So you're saying that the admin cost is $36.24. Where is the $1270? Is that the
gray construction admin fee? It's a city fee.
Yeah, that's not going to be the admin penalty that's in separate.
Yeah. I mean, it's just wants to know what it is, right?
The admin fee does not go to the contractor.
The admin fee is collected. My question is, is the admin fee that is collected here, $1270,
collected by the city to do, to recover city staff cost?
We have somebody in the back shaking them. It is correct.
It's a city fee for the, for the.
High point is he's asserting a financial hardship and we do have the ability to reduce fees
in light of financial hardships. And so I think I would like to propose if we're interested
in perhaps waving the monitoring fee. I think the city staff was cost were recovered by
charging other owners that fee as well. Are you saying we're moving the $1270?
Yeah. And then reducing it. I mean, I staff does do so. Yeah, they do work.
Go ahead. Make a make a rec. Oh, hold on.
I'm not sure.
For clarity, the $1270 is per owner or $1270 total.
The $1270 is on this, which they receive. So that means other people got a purgly percentage
of that as well, or they got their own $1270.
Well, the total is $1270 according to page 20 on the invoice.
That's his invoice though.
He's owner got to invoice that because there's separate invoicing for each owner.
We had to break this out for separate invoicing. So there was four times the cost, the administrative
cost to do this because there were four separate people. We have to do four separate invoices,
four separate everything. Then there are four people that have the right to come and appeal.
No, no one got that admin admin fee. Thank you for that.
Wow. Okay. Go ahead, Ms. O'Brien.
Or whoever wanted to make a motion, I believe.
Do you want to?
I was, I would like to propose that we waive 05.
Do the admin fee.
All right. So then if I'm doing my math with the calculator, those are separate items.
And that was everything I wanted to mention.
Real five.
You need to use separate motions for each item.
So let's, let's do this. Do you want to waive the 305?
Okay. So I'll make a motion.
Motion do that. Let's do that first. Go ahead.
I'd like to, oh, I need to get to another page. So I have all that.
So for item five, I would like to recommend that the board does not confirm the
tar, the total charge of 305, reducing that to zero for the work performed by the city on the
property known as 3811, flooring road, Sacramento, partial number 041, 012009, 010012.
Fabian? Yes.
Yes, sir?
Yes.
Amad?
Boyd?
Aye.
O'Brien?
Yes.
All right, Mr. Yang, for your first item item that we're hearing number five, the $305 charge
has been waived and you'll receive notice in the mail about item five.
We'll move on to item number six.
I'd like to make a motion.
Using the information that was discussed here behind the day is that we postpone the
current item until next month's meeting, just giving minister,
our giving minister Yang and his wife an opportunity to discuss with the ownership
of a possible purchase and then at which time next, in the next ACA meeting,
the motion will be made based upon the information that the minister brings back.
My only concern with, I know you're making your suggesting that, did you make the motion
official? Are you okay?
I'm making the motion, this reason because of the livelihood which the minister just stated
is now taken away from the opportunity to meet current livelihood.
So, tacking on a credit hit of this nature, knowing you won't be able to pay
isn't undue burden, in my opinion.
I mean, before the motion goes through, do you want to, because I'm my only concern is,
can he come back and do this again?
I don't know if he lives locally or what he does.
And so, do you want to just make sure that's something he wants, but that's up to you.
Well, his ministry is on foreign road, so that's true.
Yes. Okay, go ahead.
I was thinking about that for a while, wait a minute, why?
Okay, I am making a motion that the total charge of fourth, you know, that's not the total
charge. Yes, that is, sorry, the total charge of $4,894 be postponed, let me bank that up,
that the total charge of $4,894 even for the completion of the demo work performed by
the city on the property known as 3811 foreign road Sacramento, APN number 041-012-009-0012
be postponed to the next agenda is HCA meeting for at which time minister Yang can come back
with prior to the meeting information if he is still owner of said property and at which time
we will make a motion in regards to the aforementioned dollar amount.
I think she's waiting because I don't know, it's the problem, I'm not sure.
I know what? And I offer something. Is that okay? Yeah, go ahead.
It's okay. I think I met, I talked to Chris and bottom line they told me that they
will they can only pay $6,7,000 for my unit. That doesn't even cover the cost.
What are your costs approximately? What are your costs?
Also, it would be here and then I think there's another $6,000-something-thousand-dollar
penalty. Another $6,000 penalty. Now without any kind of charges, it's $1,300,000.
Well, that's, I'll vote no. That's not going to solve.
That have already been especially assessed.
So in that case, it's not going to help the situation. There's no way that even that that's
going to work for them. So at this point, on that motion, I vote no. On mine. So then go ahead,
and with that, my plea to you is, I know that the city is inquiry a cause.
But yes, they they work. Yes, I have work. I have to get back to this community.
I have to give back my life to this community.
I'm doing something good at the end. I have to either put full on the table with EBT
for my four children and home. I can do it.
We understand. And I plead, you know, particularly, yes, you think of reducing 5th percent of the
cause. 50 percent, 50 percent. One percent is one percent. It's a penny, it's a penny for me
right now. It's not, I'm greedy. It's not, I'm, I'm, I'm, for miles and everybody else. Yes,
they have a lot of shares. They have money. They have power.
I hope it's something like me as a clergy person. My heart is about the community. That's why we
end up in South Sacramento to give back to the community. And I plead, okay, as God has
my witness, that is a situation that I'm at. And I forward to my EBT statement, how much we get.
In my last, my last paycheck for the month of November, I'm not even having nothing for,
for December. And that's my situation, dear friends, brothers and sisters.
Okay, hold on one second, Mr. Yang. Let's go ahead and continue. So we have a first,
the second I voted no. Let's go down the line.
Is there? No.
I'm odd.
Void? Hi. Brian. No. All right, so the motion did not pass to move forward to.
Do I have a different motion from any of the board members?
Go ahead.
So, so the admin fees that you guys are charging, 12,
so many, is it proportional to that percent of the parcel? Or is it like 12, so many,
so many for all four people?
The administrative fees are not proportional. Only the demolition is proportional for the total cost.
The other admin and monitoring fees were individual by the case number,
so there is no proportion on that, because it took so long to get anybody to respond.
All got fees.
We can, we can lower it to whatever you would like. If you'd like to make a motion,
or if anybody would like to make a new motion, we can lower it to whatever.
The only problem, the, I think mathematically the problem with proportion, trying to proportion,
the admin fee is that I think for, for, for proportions, you would have to add up the city's
cost that they're trying to recover with that admin fee and then divide it up by that 2%
you know, definition and yet I think their admin fees are set as a, as a price, correct?
The admin fees are based on each case.
The work that has to be done for each case, so.
But, but they're, I mean, they're, are they, there's no, your fee schedule?
Yes, the admin fee is set for demolition, there's no percentage, there's that full 12,
60 each person got whatever it was, times four, yes.
So, yeah, that's not a percentage, they received that full 12, 60.
Yeah, because that's, that's what the auditor determined, it costs for us to
add, demonstrate the demolition, all the, all the paperwork and invoicing that goes with it.
So, oh.
So this 36, 24 is done proportional for that demo alone, right?
Yes, the amount of the demolition is proportional for the demolition, not the admin fee.
Okay, so the admin fee was 12, 70 for the 50% owner and 12, 74 for the 2% owner.
Yes, correct.
Yes, please don't try and do the math on that.
We treat each demolition as its own case, each of them is their own demolition,
each received their own fee, so because each one of them are, it's basically four demolitions,
if we went out and had to summarily evade a shed, it would still be 12, 170 dollars,
if the shed was over 100 feet.
And so, as a matter of, it doesn't matter if it's a mansion, that same fee,
because that's the cost of the city work to do a demolition, all the processing of the paperwork,
the processing for the insurance, bids, all of that, we actually did four of them on, even though
it's one big property, we did four separate actions.
So with that, do I have a motion?
I want to make a motion that we evade fees, make them $0.12, 70.
Make a formal motion for it.
I want to make a motion that we make $12, 70 to $0 for property 38 in that one,
Florian Road number 12, item agenda number six.
I'm confused.
What are you doing confirming?
So what is your tote, are you asking for a total charger?
Are you wiping all of this?
No, I'm just wiping in 1270.
Okay, so you're saying the 4,894 minus the 1270s.
Okay, so I'm going.
36, 24.
36, 24.
Let's say that.
I'm just filling your number.
Okay, just minus mine.
Wait, so, why am I doing again?
So it sounds like if I'm understanding you're wiping the 1260 and leaving the other,
so that would be 3624.
Yes.
Go ahead, take it from there.
All right, so let me do the math real quick.
No, what?
The math is 36.
It is 36.
Well, that is the math.
36, 24.
Yeah, 36, 24.
So I just want to make a motion confirming the total charge of 3620 for the completion of
the demo performed by the city on the property known as 3811 Florian North Sacramento APN 0410120090012.
I second.
And Tatlion?
Yes.
Fisher?
Yes.
Amad?
Yes.
Void?
Aye.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right.
So I apologize, that took a little bit of time.
We have decided to reduce the fee.
So your first one we've already talked about, the 305 has been waived.
The second on item number six has been reduced down to 3624.
However, again, we still can encourage you to work to try and get whatever cost
down.
I know you have additional hearing scheduled to wipe additional fees.
And what is left, hopefully, will be close enough.
Because we have to keep in mind that some of these fees,
the city just got paid nothing for their work.
So now all they're going to do is reimburse great construction for the work they did in
demolishing the property.
But I would try and get as much as you can down and then get rid of the property before the
fees continue to add up at that point.
So you will get our final ruling in the mail.
But that should be it for the day.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you, Void.
Thank you.
I have a quick question just for this.
I know he's struggling financially.
So are you guys going to be sending him all the options that
payment plan and stuff like that?
I have a payment plan with this one, the city.
Thank you.
And don't forget Mr. Boyd's suggested about looking at those victims funds.
Thank you so much, Board.
God bless you.
Pray for our ministry.
All right, moving on to item seven, housing and
dangerous building costs, recovery, and contested.
Following lines, shall be heard as blanket items.
City staff recommends that the Board adopt a decision confirming the total charge
noted by the each agenda line for the expenses incurred by the city in the enforcement
of the provisions of the housing code and or dangerous buildings code with respect to
the property known by the physical address and or parcel number APN as noted within each
agenda line for item number seven lines through lines one through 36 lines 38 through
62 lines 65 through 110.
And tablion.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
Amad.
Boyd.
Aye.
O'Brien.
Yes.
All right, moving on to item number.
That's any comments, questions of the Board?
What was that?
Yeah, we did.
We did.
We did.
Yeah.
That was the first thing I said after the, yeah, we did.
No, we did.
Yeah, we like it.
It went quick.
That's right.
We did.
Yeah, no, we did.
No problem.
Mr. Boyd.
If anybody has any information, I was just checking on former chair, very chamberland.
I'm not aware.
I asked last week or last month, yeah.
Thank you.
Was that I was in a conference with him in October, end of October.
And he was well and preparing for his retirement vacation that the end of the year.
Fantastic.
Good to hear.
Thank you.
Thank you, everybody.
Thank you.
Just to be clear, we didn't have any public comment, right?
Any other?
All right, meetings adjourned.
